@SkippyLongDick i will literally confront some bitch asses! Fo reall. Trill.
I just don't think local engineers are building anti-bike facilities AT EVERY TURN (caps mine). South Willamette is one good example. I am all for bike advocacy, but I also believe it's hard to ride a bike carrying a cross.
This President and his administration can't figure out who to keep on their staff on a monthly basis let alone run a country. Pathetic. Who voted for this moron?
Your joking right?  You never hear any of you trump groupies provide a coherent rationale of how him deregulating the finance industry is going to help.  Considering it was a complete lack of regulation that led to taxpayers in the US bailing out banks in 2008.  But you support that why dumbell?  Tell us besides the threatening tweets how is it draining the swamp when he hires a different crew from JP Morgan than Trump and Obama used?  How does that qualify?  Have you ever heard the maxim about doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.  Do you get it is you dupes the elites actually love because you inadvertently further the status quo.
STOP FUCKING ADDING VIKING METAL. THEY SOUND NOTHING LIKE ENSIFERUM OR TYR. FUCKING IDIOTS.
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
Will  Vince Beltrami recuse himself when any bills that impact his 8700 state employees come to a vote?????
Except Trump embodies corruption instead of fighting against corruption.
So you would rather give money to a country that just decided to let woman drive cars, than get over one thing that one Alberta politician said 30 over years ago? Ok then.
Bronson, the land those U.S. citizens are protesting on is "Federal" land.  Prior to its federal classification, the land was "owned" by the Sioux and reinforced by the Treaty of Fort Laramie.    When it was discovered that the Black Hills held gold, the U.S. government took the Sioux's land.  In the United States v. Sioux Nation of Indians, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the United States government unjustly took the Sioux's land to which compensation was owed.  The Sioux declined monetary compensation for restitution of the land.  That issue has yet to be settled.    This isn't private property, it's federal land, which is largely considered "public domain."  Now, that doesn't mean the public can do whatever it wants on federal land, clearly, but that all depends on the ever-swinging pendulum of government policy.    I strongly believe that these Americans have the right to protest a privately owned oil pipeline being built on public land - on that public land.
-This artcicle is a God Damn joke, it shouldnt be protected, that way you can edit it any way you want, its a joke, so lets have some fun with it, your a fucking idiot if you beleive this shit. Anyone see the scientology episode of South Park, God, that was hilarious, and they didnt even need to make more shit up for scientology to be more of a joke. YOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOT IF YOU BELIEVE THIS SHIT!!! go ahead, piss yourself becuase I am right.  -Anonnymous Stranger
Agree as I like the trade as well...Now there is a true bridge to get to Holland. We didn't give up alot for a rental considering we are just aiming for a play in wild card game.    The flip side to this is each of the guys mentioned are all free agents next year with Holland, McGee and Neschek all could be gone and will need to start anew once more.
@princessfaggit I don't see tears bitch
&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514; I hate you! RT @YumiYoko: Cyrus ho is a rookie slut. getting the cash after the date? nope nope nope.
There's plenty of wrong-wingers out there that empathize with the refugee issues.  Don't be such a fool.
Mr Ryan, you are just another republiturd minion.  You are not fit to be Speaker.
left wingers going stupid everywhere
Hum, ah, hum I am an idiot, worlds from JT to live by
Sounds very scientific, if a little implausible. 39.4% of the Canadian population are first or second generation immigrants according to Stats Can. Do you have reliable figures for your "net economic benefit"? I can't think the economy would be booming if we had a population 40% lower than it is. And the problem of caring for the aged would be multiplied tenfold. Immigration is what keeps the working population as young as it is.
BUT THE BENEFICIARIES TAKE-OUR CONTRACTS WITH LOAN SHARKS TO DEBIT THEIR ACCOUNTS .THEY DO THIS WITH A NUMBER OF THEM IN ONE SPACE WHERE YOU FIND THAT ONE BENEFICIARY IS PAYING FIVE COMPANIES EVERY MONTH AND THEIR TAKE HOME PAY IS ZERO OR LESS THAN HUNDRED RAND FOR MONTHS!SASSA GAVE NPO`S OWNED BY COMRADES THE RIGHT TO DEDUCT FROM BENEFICIARIES ACCOUNTS IF THEY PROVIDE SHELTER AND THIS LEAVES BENWEFICIARIES WITH HUNDRED AND FIFTY SINCE THESE PEOPLE INCREASE RENTS WHENEVER THE GRANTS GOES-UP!WHY MUST SASSA APPOINT A FREIGN BANK WHICH WAS NEW IN THE MARKET AND DID NOT SERVE THESE PEOPLE BUT HIFGH-FLYERS AND AVOID LOCAL BANKS!
the fact that you do not realize that a women's vagina IS more heavily regulated than a fire arms indicates a TRUE lack of knowledge on your part.   And when you become educated about the above, please let women know.  Also, let us all know how it is that you believe that we should allow an insane person on the ground to have a firearm, but not a person in prison.  NO WHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION does it say that prisoners can not have firearms.  So, reconcile that, and let us know.
Everybody now: Esperanto!!!
Tail light out not giving a fuck Rollin up on a bitch wit da head lights off
"Potable" water?
That is sad.  We need properties/facilities that are sanctuaries for unwanted equines especially those that assist people.   But donation dollars aren't available for equines during an unstable economy.   With 25 rescue/sanctuary horses, we are well aware of how difficult it is to come by donations to help feed and maintain them.
So, then how about engaging in legitimate discussion rather than obfuscating behind a joke.  There really are few legitimate reasons to own guns other than that you like them.
Those highest paid public servants are because of years of overpaid conservative contracts.
You are paying hard earned money!!
Dress like you're gonna see that bitch you hate everyday &#128139;?
We could if we choose to--and that would be far better. That's called single payer health care.  PP is vital because it partially fills a gap as the only affordable health care for many men and women.
The range anxiety kills it.  Paying twice as much for a compact car kills it.  It hasn't really hit the road as a mainstream vehicle and is already miles behind current offerings in the segment from the current fleet.
I think we should ban plastic bags outright.  Stores should use paper bags like we used to do. OR they should offer reusable bags for a small price (less than $5). I really think we need to do something about all the plastic and people need to be pushed into stopping using all the gross plastic bags which are a menace.  We need to go back to how it was in the 70s and early 80s.
Excellent fact-based rebuttal, Jim.
The mop and pail's obsession with debt continues unabated. Delinquency up 0.09%, oh my god!
Cost increase is based on bogus logic. This tried-and-true excuse of investment recovery is weak tea. Mergers and acquisitions are always punishing the weakest in the chain. In certain circumstances only, is a merger/acquisition good for everyone. Stay wide-eyed and on the lookout for an alternative internet service.
Thanks a whole bunch, Shannyn, keep holding that mirror up to the wingnuts,    ...it drives them to make laughably idiotic comments.
Hello, you Indian cannibal and child molester.   The vandal doesn't care about D&D; articles, he vandalizes because he doesn't like being libeled and harassed.
The very second that clean energy is more profitable than fossil fuels, big oil companies  will change their names and hop  on board. No betrayals, just common sense. The West needs to get a grip.
Useless activity.  Silly.  It changes nothing.  Try some relaly creative diplomacy for a change.
Hoes be bringing they friends around they nigga and they nigga end up fucking with the bitch friend and the bitch don't even kno
Where is this memo?
I gotta admit i used tell bitches everything they wanted to hear Bighead change my ways a lil bit
I think it's reasonable to assume that the positioning (ahem) of her "partner" and the alleged person-of-interest in the affair at the same school would undoubtedly be destructive and disruptive. On the question of her son being threatened with physical harm by a much older student: can't say as I could fault that. Excusable for a mom to protect her son (where's the Dad in all this, though?).
You shall conform to party policy or else
can't understand your gibberish but it is total nonsense.   if she has any ideas about running for office in Hawaii, forget it, she is toast.  this incident will haunt her forever.  she might as well move back to texas or another state.  people don't forget jerks.
Why ? I'm sure Muslim men would be just as butthurt as you white brodudes.
There is no such convincing evidence. If you think that there is, you've either been had, or your bar for "convincing" needs a signal boost.  What does "the Japanese aren't very enthusiastic about WiFi" mean, exactly? That sentence has no real meaning unless you're able to contextualize it.
Snark is the wit of morons.
like a bitch pic is flirting nowadays
Matt_25_bases_judgment_on_charity,_not_morality_(which_is_a_selfish_pursuit).
Burning carbon for energy is the buggy whip manufacturing industry of the 21st century.  And Trump just doubled down on it.
You are an idiot!!  Nothing more and nothing less.
@KingEgo if I can get this bitch to go --&gt;&gt; @Wisdom_Stature
and i dreamed i saw the bomber jet planes riding shotgun in the sky turning into butterflies above our nation we are stardust we are golden
The MSM is doing everything in their power to not tell people that he is a refugee, imported in 2014 from Somalia...
You're insane, Paul.  I suppose you enjoy American grown ISIS sympathizers mass murdering our citizens, or that Bin Ladin's terrorists collapsed our Twin Towers killing 3,000 of our citizens.  Pathetic you are.
Yah til some idiot judge says something different than they will release his ass to society again. Next time he just might kill someone.
I love the way you answer your own question.      You asked for something that's more vile - just look at Faith Goldy's cheerleader like reporting from Charlottesville.    It's no wonder she has an Iron Cross on her Twitter handle and gets re-tweeted enthusiastically by David Duke.
Certainly. If you pick your panties out of your butt crack, you can generally think more clearly. Give it a try.
Isn't it a sham already? Technically speaking, we're already in stagnation with 5% population growth over that time period.
Are you saying police should stop doing their jobs out of some misguided butt hurt retribution directed towards a protest move?
"Typical Republican...accept no blame for your repeated clusterfucks and blame anyone other than yourselves.\n\nGrow up."
I wish I could punch the 14 year old me for being such a thirsty bitch
I'm not sure he understands all those big words.
piss off   I told you to go away and leave me alone. I hate you, stop reverting stuff before i even have a chance to place my own pic there. I was trying to figure out how to put it there. why don't u give people a chance first you waste of space before reverting it. Go suck your own cock in your bed tonight.
Does anyone here, that is opposed, own a house? And if you doand are in the hot markets care, so long as they get over asking price offers. How many ask the buyers if you could audit them...? Hypocrites.
that pussy so wet I'm calling it rain
This is an imbecile of the highest order...We do not live in a police state...The President is not just the head of the executive branch: he IS the executive branch as the only elected official [along with the vice-president] nationally elected...The head of the FBI is the head policeman of the nation...In THIS country, the elected official is always more important than the appointed one...Therefore, a President can order the FBI director to start any investigation OR END any investigation...Trump did neither...He fired Comey--in my opinion-- because he had already publicly stated Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted...I hope and expect President Trump to now exert the full measure of justice never applied to the former Secretary of State.
We need people of Manning's stature to become leaders in the fight against climate change since it is going to hit the West harder than almost anywhere else in Canada except the North.  Manning may not see it but anyone who is out on the land sees it. Manning supposedly understands business: well here's a couple of numbers for him. If nothing is done we may suffer a loss of 20% of GDP. The rural economy will be devastated, as alberta suddenly looks way more like New Mexico and there is no water for irrigation.  Doing something effective may cost 5% of GDP. Do the math Preston and make yourself useful instead of pandering to the losers who support the Deniers.
No what you miss is that it's wrong to blanket punish a group of people in the random manner these policies do. Dont take gun rights from people who haven't committed a crime using a gun.
Prescription meds are by far the most abused.
Hell no. People are going to keep this ____ grabbing lying racist pervert in check.
Hat's off, I really almost fell off my chair.  Perfect caption for the next moon eyes photo opp.
Personal note:Please read WP:SPOILER before making a dick move like that.
LOL! Trump took on the media, Democratic Party, Clinton machine, Republican Party, Hollywood and other various experts and sacred cows. And he beat them all. He may not be a conservative, probably not much of a Republican, but he's all American. And, now, the President. So, enough with the shrill whining, already. And Globe, if you want my subscription $$, get some professionals to write INFORMED opinions. Garbage, such as this, I can read anywhere.
And just like me that bitch loaded.
AK is going broke trying to bring services to tiny places.
You state the exact reason then ask what are you talking about....wow, surprising you even raised the bar on your stupidity level which I never thought as possible.
Ms. Wente, you've done Ontarians a huge disservice. If you saw a sign of life in the Wynnebag, you should have stomped it out immdeiately.
RT @FunnyPicsDepot: Lmao I hate that hoe already &#128514; http://t.co/0vRAm5PFJL
Because she already has Trump on video tape boasting about it.
"You're dumb then."
Good point, but sad because it's true.  Past history suggests that Trump will find a way to make it all about Trump. Moving from narcissistic inaction (because apparently going on Twitter to pursue a personal vendetta against the NFL was more important than Puerto Rico) to narcissism in action.
The RG was wrong - the promise wasn't just to repeal Obamacare - it was to replace with something better. They failed to do so, although it was foreseeable that anything the GOP came up with as a replacement would screw over the poor and help the rich and only make healthcare more expensive overall.
You are a f.cking idiot. The Whole Country knows that the BC Carbon tax was created in BC when Campbell removed the bank capital tax have you been in a coma?
I also want to throw this in there: Galactic Empire v. the Borg.
OF COURSE ALL REPUBLICAN LAW MAKERS NEED TO CARRY CONCEALED HOW ELSE CAN THE DEFEND THEMSELVES FROM MURDERING DEMOC RATS
Should never be allowed to drive again, we are too soft on criminals behind the wheel
Dick, there is no "figuring out" Repugnicans. Just think "what would a dick do?" ( present company excluded) and you'll know.
RT @MsAprylJ: Waka gone kill dat hoe lol
You are partly correct..from DP, May 28, 2015..  "Apollo Global Management is investing $300 million in the Douglas County-based engineering firm CH2M. Apollo, a New York-based private equity fund, will invest $200 million in convertible preferred stock, in a transaction expected to close in the second fiscal quarter. An additional $100 million investment will occur within a year. CH2M stock is not publicly traded. It is held by employees and former employees. Until last month, it was known as CH2M Hill. Apollo will hold two of six independent director seats on CH2M’s board of directors. CH2M employees hold seven board seats. CH2M is a global engineering firm with annual gross revenues of $5.5 billion, according to the company."  Many of the shareholders are ex-employee billionaires who came in, swept up benefits, then left for a private equity company.
We know from the latest census data that there is currently no baby boom happening in Canada.  Older Canadians are living longer and in their homes longer.  Middle-aged Canadians in Toronto (see: Marcus Gee's "lottery") don't want to sell their homes because they're cash-strapped from owning those homes and have nowhere cheaper to go without a long drive from Pearson etc.  Millennial Canadians in Toronto either rent or live with parents.  The real estate industrial complex in Canada isn't working for Canadians.
Now now, sometimes one must begin with a little bit of method and you haven't made yourself known for having a grip about using sources in a critical way.  Honestly, you deserve to have people speaking over your head; how else can we get some clarity here?
See, but now you are name calling.  SMH.  "Despicable" and "dumpy"...not exactly civil.
your heroes are all going to prison. you should join them, traitor, for all your work helping to enable these criminal scum.
"Well, if you are thinking Bernie would have been elected in such a scenario ..." There were Republicans who wouldn't vote for Trump, and Democrats who wouldn't vote for Clinton, so Sanders might have been the uniter, or at least the lesser of two evils.
Okay, what's your count?
The electoral college is part of the election, you might want to study up on that.   Are we back to Russia? I though we changed the narrative to Nazis or something.   BTW, the insider who released the emails to Wikileaks was not Russian. Of course he is dead now... All he did was reveal who Hillary and the DNC really are but I guess I can understand why a partisan hack would have a problem with that. Can't show her true colors or she will lose the election...
No need my uncle's a lawyer and two of my friends are finishing up law school, they all agree it's a threat.
Look at all the spin, Even when perpetuating violence, the left plays the victim! See through WAPO's disinformation, ANTIFA is responsible for the violent retardation!
Be aware the user with the IP below has a history of ruining Wikipedia articles. His latest attack was on The Style Council.            203.36.44.12
15 year old kids, especially Muslims know exactly what they are doing, they know what blood tastes like and are in no way innocent. That young Muslim man  deserves incarceration and the punishment that is owed to him.   When resources in this world become scarce and but one piece of bread is left on the table, the Muslim man will slit your throat to have it but the Christian man will make sure that the piece is shared amongst us all.
I find Don Richey's letters amusing. Amusing in the way that people sometimes find bad news amusing, or find humor in someone else's stupidity. Like the writers of SNL manage to make Trump funny. Reading his letters is like listening to Roseanne Roseannadanna....
Frankly I'm tired of the county's excuses.  This goes far beyond "junk cars", garbage on properties or sewerage on the ground.  This goes to continued violations of county building codes, site plans,land use and conditional use permits (CUPs).    The Carlsborg Industrial Park is a prima facie example of continuing violations. Mary Ellen Winborn and county commissioners are well aware of these violations.  Complaints have been filed since the park first became occupied and the violations began.  Barb McFall is a newcomer to these complaints and is a victim of the county's ineptitude and unwillingness to ENFORCE THE CODES.  When asked; How did these businesses in the Carlsborg Industrial Park get their certificates of occupancy with all the violations?  The county had no reasonable answers, only their excuse of "the county doesn't have the funding resources to enforce the codes."    We have repeatedly "volunteered" our time for free to address this issue. County's response, NOTHING.
Oh good god.
In principle, I agree with the NO NEW TAXES crowd, at least where increasing taxes on citizens is concerned. Unfortunately, trimming $800 million per year (the state's latest revenue forecast is more optimistic, which lowers the deficit to $1.6 billion for the biennium) would decimate services. Stop construction and maintenance on rural highways? Slash funding for schools so class sizes swell to 40 or 50? Release thousands of non-Measure 11 criminals from prisons early and watch property crimes skyrocket?  We probably need to brace ourselves for some pretty drastic cuts, while also searching for new sources of revenue that don't tap our already overtaxed citizens. Chances are we'll see another corporate tax similar to Measure 97 on the ballot, and something tells me next time it will pass.
@morgan_mccubbin fake bitches.... #nicetry
Entrkn, written like a true Hawaii Democrat.  You apparently missed my comments in a previous story in which I wished Senator Hirono great success fighting this horrible disease.  However, I am a realist and know from many years reading or hearing rosy or optimistic comments from cancer patients about their recovery do not happen in most cases. Mazie’s kidney cancer is classified as Stage 4. The five-year survival rate for people with stage 4 kidney cancer is 8%.  Did you get that?  Eight percent (8%).  https://www.cancer.org/cancer/kidney-cancer/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html.  I stand by my comment.  I also disagree with your comment about Schatz’ elections prove Abercrombie made the right choice.  Schatz ran for election as the incumbent Senator, which, in Hawaii, is almost a guarantee for victory.  I believe the results would have been different if Schatz had competed in a primary election as a non-incumbent against several other candidates.
Once these cargo carriers are out at sea it's out of sight and out of mind for the consumer - and thus the garbage and dumping really have no political significance and the mess continues. And suing the perpetrators costs motre than just to make the comittment to clean up. Perhaps there should be an environmental surcharge per container that goes into a general gloabl clean-up fund - and is used to pay the locals to look after their beaches. Make it simple ....
the democrats are destroying this state.But the PIELE CONVENTION? The University of Oregon environmental conference here,at the law school every year?   THEY IGNORE all of Lane county GOVT. cutting down hundreds of trees here, more than a 100  years old! Lane county govt, and Eugene govt. DESTROYS HUNDREDS OF OLD,, ANCIENT TREES, EVEN RECENTLY.--AND NO ENVIRONMENTAL GROUP SAYS OR DOES ANYTHING!  THERE IN NO TREE CONSERVATION HERE!  THIS is the least environmental county and city,in all Oregon,and the state of Oregon destroys trees, wild life, wild animals and destroys them all, and lies about it. go on,check the records and facts! people who see this.and live here,know this  is true. I dare you to check out the factual history. And natives here, know it's true. they'be seen Oregon destroyed, all their  lives, more and more. this county, city, and state hates  the environment, they are killing it.
Tell the moron, to sit on it and just wait him out.  Let him make some more phone calls and insult foreign leaders.  The only thing wrong with NAFTA is Cheeto.
Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!Fuck off you ass!
You quite obviously know nothing about economics.  By every single measure imaginable, we are better off economically now than when Bush left office.
Streamline so that they can continue to abuse the beautiful lands here in CO and in other delicate places? Awesome that the infested scrotus and his vermin will trash this country all for a few bucks to their overlards. Say adios to anything great about our national parks and other unique places. Thanks, infested scrotus!
Addendum: Place your bets as to the number of "white" posters who will call me a 'way-cist' for posting the above, and how many of 'em had to first look up the term 'Gabacho' before doing so...
I would like to say to all of you who decide on our health care that it is horrendous how people with chronic pain are treated in the USA.  I have been in chronic pain for 30 years and have been through every type of treatment out there with no relief, except for narcotics.       I have Fibromyalgia, five lower spine discs that need surgery, have had two cervical spine surgeries, double knee replacement, heart failure, sleep apnea, insomnia and restless legs.      *The majority of dr visits are related to chronic pain.  You people that make decisions should concentrate on conquering pain and setting up some good pain clinics.    * Accupuncture, which helps the most, is not covered by Medicare.    Please make sure our President reads this.
For the first time in a very long time, I didn't watch one second of the New England Patriots game today. Apparently, a few Patriot players took the knee and were roundly booed by the attendees. In addition, my neighbor told me that lots of fans left the game during halftime. Lots of empty seats at Foxboro today. This protest is backfiring BIG TIME. Watch the panic that will ensue when Roger Goodell sees the NFL ratings for today's game PLUMMET due to patriotic Americans boycotting the games. You want to protest racial injustice......go to Chicago and stop the river of African American blood running in the streets caused by other African Americans....that's a good place to start rather than dissing our veterans and the American flag....my boycott of the NFL will continue.........
Thinking about getting my nips pierced...
Hold on to your hats folks, upgrades on TD are coming. So is $81.40 per share.
Thanks for the reply.  Howard Stern, the radio host and friend of Trump, said that Donald Trump will have a hard time because he does have an almost need to be liked.  Walter Mitty is an apt description and that is what worries me more than anything about him. I wonder sometimes if he can delineate between reality and his perception of it.
No cause it is the alarmist that are the brain washed fools.
Do you sex goats?   Look, don't voice this around, see, but I heard at the village pump that you rape farm animals?  Is it true?
I hate you and your midget weenie and everything about your face. Come at me bro
no thanks on the tank if they can't get the basics right.
Finally a Canadian posting here. I am so sick of all the American Trolls.
Rename to corn  This maize crap has gone on long enough. its CORN and the sooner you idiots let go of your anti-American hysteria the better. 184.4.141.73
what is obvious is this pointlessly negative comment displays no desire for understanding the matters while having an over abundance of heartlessness and lack of resolutions. similar mentalities are the genesis root of these problems and why simply getting beyond them remains so difficult.   cue the typical snide retort and self-embossed emoticon...
They probably some of the trash Obama and the Democrates brought to our state.
The problem is with the unhinged psycho leftists.
preventive maintenance twofold...........control underbrush growth.......control homeless moving in
Lajja link removed the Lajja link as it directed me to a article that had nothing to do with the book aside from its title. the article'shttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Lajja#Lajja_.28movie.29 talk page even says that they have nothing to do with each other. there should be an article about the book.
"The president's personal conduct in office."  Well, it's been a horrific embarrassment - shameful, to put it mildly!  Everything about this administration is well, yeah, murky.  What's with Trump's repeated demands for loyalty to him, personally?  Reminiscent of "The Godfather."  Secret meetings, middle of the night tweets - the Mad King rants and raves yet still his supporters stand by their man.  Until we are rid of him, we are lost!
Soft skills or human skills are particularly important in this country for a variety of reasons. First, we need to understand that we live in a multicultural country where men and women from different backgrounds inevitably interact, learning to communicate with one another is important. Second, we must realize that we work for a company that trusts our skills to help the company grow; we can’t be favoring people just because the boss or manager belongs to a certain ethnic background. The workplace is there for everyone to succeed and to make a contribution for growth. Third, a workplace should be a viable place for everyone to integrate into the Canadian society, failure to do the disciplinary action should take place.
You know, these kinds of articles are interesting and even compelling, but they just don't do the job. Where is a concise point by point checklist? I know that this is a wonderful time for journalists, raconteurs and general self-spouters, but the number of voices outpaces the very fragmentary information available. You lot go round in circles all with the same info, which is both dull and useless. What. On Earth. Is the Point?
Selection of new Cardinals is a critical task in changing the direction of the church in any lasting way. If the church does not change with the times, it will just become another chapter in the history books. Long life PF, we need you.
oh hello fnarf...um il think about it
In my village, from what I can see, many people would be pleased if the teachers stayed all year round.  But, the culture of the teachers is such and the idea of the school district is such that teachers don't stay all year. They have become so indoctrinated to the idea that teachers will leave, that it is more than passing strange to stay.  Of course, the same cannot be said of living forever here.  There is no way to buy a house and settle down.  So a lot of teachers buy houses down states.  So, they pay high rent here (though, yes, it is below market value, but it is still a lot of money) and buy a house down states or somewhere else in Alaska.  Then, they get the idea.....Why am I paying so much money to do this?  Why not just work where I bought a house and have only one housing payment?  This because no teacher anywhere, much less in Alaska, has the money to really do what rich people do and have multiple living arrangements.
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
RT @ElJefeDeJefes4C: "@Virgilio_LLA: Jammin these sad songs, smoking squares thinking bout bitches..." lmfao
Steve  --  take a breath!  Today your posts are nothing but ad hominems.  Now that you've grasped the fact that fluoridation has been defeated in Port Angeles yet again, I imagine you're feeling pretty upset with us local voters.  Still, that's no reason to short-change your trollmasters by posting a flock of silly playground insults.    Come on, Steve, pull yourself together.  You haven't once played fake-scientist today, nor directed anyone to "ilovemyteeth.com."  Here's a challenge:  Try NOT using the words "conspiracy," "corruption," "nonsense," and especially "antifluoridationist," just for one day.
Assad was duly elected by the majority of Syrians in the last election.  The Americans have no business interfering there, and the rebels in Aleppo are essentially terrorists.  The conflict is brutal as war is - but the Middle East is a mess since Bush blew up Iraq.  The option to Assad is to let the extreme Islam rule, not a good option...
I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .
So, what will be the FARE to ride the rail?
@treyspears3 dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife
Agreed—but I think they were hoping to take that extra step, into "inflammatory."
Wrestling fans are the typical Trump supporters, surprised?
One more obsessive compulsive fool that wants things under his thumb. These kinds of people should not be in public office. All they want is to control everyone.
developers are single cell amoeba.  for once politicians made the right call with this tax.
Then he can look up publicly reportable information on NCR's form 990.
@neiltyson Neil, have you heard that scientists have discovered that, in fact, bitches do be trippin?
He's not required to be their friend, but he is required to apply the law equally. Looks like some marriage partners are more equal than others.
I hate the f-ing bus, I hate the f-ing bus, high ho the dairy-0 I hate the f-ing bus!
So, it's their fault they were getting blackmailed by the WH?   Wow.
Thank you for saying so. You felt that way then because the media told you so. Canadians please become informed and independent voters before the next election.
RT @WhiteBoyCeezy: these hoes too familiar
Excuse me, excuse me, Knuckleheads in Congress, May we citizens get a Tax Cut or Tax Reform bill BEFORE you waste another few 100s of million dollars on stupid & useless probes ??? Any Trump supporters KNOW when President Moron is going to "Drain the Swamp" ??? Hotels in Moscow, Uranium deals, and Hillary's e-mails are old & nonsensical issues from the past !!! How about we move FORWARD. Am I the only TAX PAYING citizen that's tired of Congress and President Moron looking and taking the country backwards ??? Good Gawd, Republicans and Democrats have a monopoly on stupidity, lack of common sense, and selfish motives !!! Oh wait, that's ALL POLITICIANS, isn't it ????
Doubtful Pence was the other Donalds's first choice but rather that of his family/Paul Manafort.  Since we are solidly in the territory of you-couldn't-write-this-crap I will toss this one out.  Trump will either "fire" Pence or the Guvnor will quit the ticket.  The cracks are already there, just a matter of time.
RT @SkinnyKenny13: "@1017_Sqquad: When a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch can't cook nothin for you &#128514;&#128514;&#128514; these hoes ain't hungry &#128514;&#128514;" do&#8230;
She'd call it "realism", a clear refutation of claims that the Conservatives were climate change deniers who valued short-term economic gain over science-based policy and long-term prosperity, and that (small-l) liberals would never, ever give them credit for such a bold move.  How odd that she never had occasion to write such a column...
I suspect, from the responses to this article, that our 3 stooges are much more than the idiots they portray themselves to be.  Nice cover up, or maybe planted political goons to feed doubt and dissension among the good citizens?   Now is the time, men, THIS IS WHAT YOU CALL A RACiST STATEMENT!
Listen to me nigga I am your Lord ! Go to cotton plantation and work for Proud South!
"The CBO projects that those dropping out of the market would likely be younger and healthier, on average, leaving the remaining insurance pool relatively older and sicker."  In other words, people that are getting screwed now by paying a lot more for major coverage that they don't need and thus don't want to pay for.  Their premiums would go way down because they're not forced to "over-buy" what they really need.
I'm bout to hop off this hoe they Tryna get on my ass
I don't get the appeal of Scheer.  His resume is very unimpressive and he hasn't put out any interesting policy to my knowledge.  I'd have him solidly behind the three moderates Martin mentioned in the article (O'Toole, Chong, Raitt).  As a fiscal conservative he'd nevertheless be a huge upgrade over Trudeau of course, but there are others within the CPC who I think are more well-rounded and could deliver the message more effectively to the wider electorate.
Not me. I'm the last "claimer" on board. Seriously. Maybe your confusion is the picture you have up for yourself even as you criticize the person in it. Dissonance and all that.
Dallas doesn't have a better offence, they had a better running game, last year...and O line...but we'll see Sunday how far apart the two are, cause I know Denver is gonna run the ball...and ran for more yards last weekend than did Dallas... and has three very capable backs to Dallas's one...heck, Dak is the second leading rusher in Dallas...bring that to Denver...and don;t forget that Dallas D is pathetic and is there to be had...Go Broncos!
Deleted again  please read WP:NFT.
" ""While I would dearly love to have my way with her in a wild and uninhibited fashion, Jolin needs to realise SHE IS CHINESE AND THUS NOT FUCKING AFRICAN-AMERICAN. God DAMN that woman is confused. And watching her with Luo Zhixiang in that new video trying to dance like some hip-hop slut is just embarrassing. Stupid cunt that girl is. Bet she fucks like a tiger though.""<=diskindofSEXIST/RACISTçmntOKhere???????wmf=~dapits:((((202.86.135.18   "
@CokeFuckedYou I'm in this bitch on some insomnia shit. Been in bed since midnight.
ADN, can you please do something about these trolls that spend the whole day, every day,  commenting on every single story and insulting people in order to get attention? I realize it's a sickness and maybe they can't stop this behavior, but all this negativity just makes your website a chore to read.  There is absolutely no reason for this controversy on a story about murder victims. Thank you
No....we have trump BECAUSE of rednecks like this moron who voted for him!!!
Do not sign the petition to return Alaska to the poverty, illness, abuse and honey-buckets of the past.  Do not believe the lies from people how want to control you and hold you back.  Help develop a better future for Alaska with development, education, healthcare, jobs and optimism.  Do not sign the moronic petition.
"discovered a semi-automatic .45-caliber pistol with a magazine containing live .45-caliber ammunition" as opposed to "dead" ammo? Sensational much?
Darn.  I would have been completely convinced had you used just one more exclamation mark.  Or maybe more caps.
I always wonder why it takes so long for these woman to come out with these  allegations, and then when they do, they pile on.
Picture helps speed the reading.
You're lying of course, as you always do.  I don't put everybody down, and never have.  I'm bigoted only against stupid and ignorant people who know nothing about the subjects they comment on.
Sorry, don't bother with those.   But feel free to award yourself one on my behalf.  A gimme!
Start making more money weekly. This is a valuable part time work for everyone. The best part work from comfort of your house and get paid from $100-$2k each week.Start today and have your first cash at the end of this week. For more details Check this link…… For more details visit at =====> ­­w­w­w­.­9­e­a­­s­y­-­j­o­­b­s­.­c­­o­m­­ᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵ
More troll commentary about the Leafs from the usual suspects.  Because as usual, the Leaf followers are zombies but the all knowing troll has the presumptive word on all things hockey.  Quite funny really.  Especially those who claim that the Habs who are in free fall mode, have one game that they win in overtime over a supposed "gang of losers"...and that is to be celebrated.  Must be Trump logic...you know, one piece of anecdotal evidence that indicates a trend and pattern but everyone else who believes the contrary is SAD and spewing FAKE news.  Maybe they should be called Trump Trolls.
RT @dessib_93: Lmao a hoe's favorite season is Cuffing Season! U aint know? &#128557;&#128586;&#128557; RT @Im_Yung_Jay: Summer hoes turning into winter wifeys! &#128528;
Some of these hoes deserve a kick in their vagina.. Lucky i aint tryna loose my shoe!
The timing of this announcement to tax employees on employer staff discounts is very fishy.  I'll bet the CRA is simply trying to help boss Morneau change the conversation away from small business tax increases.  Watch Morneau ride in like a white knight this week and say emphatically "NO" to taxing employees, "We're standing up for the little guy"!!  Cynical or what??
The poor man doesn't want to be sober and drive responsibly.  How long before he becomes a fugitive? a felon?
RT @ShadowBeatz_Inc: I know you have me blocked, but next week bitch @KYR_SP33DY
hey nut job, what green jobs? like the 50,000 dalton claimed would come to ontario??? HA HA HA HA HA HA
I'll also be the bad guy and say it was probably because he knew he'd get his ass shot off immediately if he did it in Anchorage.
First, you just compared a small state income tax to slavery. That's as ridiculous as it is offensive. Second, you suggest that all taxes are socialism and therefore evil. Please don't confuse living in a society with socialism. Living in any society requires that individuals make sacrifices for the common good. By your definition, tithing at church is both socialist and wrong. We don't ever survive or thrive purely on our own. I believe taxes should be levied cautiously. I believe tax money should be spent very wisely. I also believe paying taxes is a form of patriotism.
y.guang Please No.
I'm currently in the final few weeks of my university course and it's getting really busy! I've provisionally decided to run in late November.
The level of stupid this government has achieved in their first year in office is astounding...  Boy I can't wait for my taxes to go up even more....
" Free Trade " is fine - but consider the larger implications. By buying foreign ( e.g. China .... ) we are financing the transfer of IP ( from routine manufacturing to sophisticated high tech ) to our competitors - such as China - who don't play by the same rules, are years behind the times thanks to Communism. Their goods are obviously less expensive, but only in a superficial sense. Consider that we are hollowing out our own capacity to compete by buying product made under conditions of political repression, dubious labor practices and environmental degradation.
you are so pathetically desperate to be loved by commenting "like" on every comment you post
you fat asshole, why don't you leave my page alone. what, it's not enoguh for you to stick your nosey nerd-ass troll figners on the page for my personal high school, you have to decide what belongs on ym persoanl user pagfes too. keep it up, mother fucker, and youll get yours, i swear to fucking christ. see WP:TOUCHMYSHITAGAINANDYOULLLEARNWAHTITMEANSTOTOSSASALADFATNERDFUCKINGTROLLPIECEOFSHITASSWIPE  by the way, i blanked the suer profile page because that comment didnt belogn there. it was supposed to go on the talk page, but noone could get into it. im not a kike, or an atheist, so leaving it on there has no relelvance, got it?
Have encounter many people who are a few years from retirement with no pension, minimal CPP and  a large part of their savings in an RRSP.  Unless they have a very large balance in their RRSP they could be best off to talk to a financial advisor about cashing out before 65 to be eligible for the whole amount of the Guaranteed Income Supplement. That would drive huge redemptions but unfortunately for the poor, the finance industry would lose income from advising this.
Absolutely, Dunny.  Adopting Kendzior as an honourary Nova Scotian for her willingness to speak truth to power despite what the loony tune Moppy, Floppy howlers here say.  She is also broadcasting from the heart of Trumpland.... Missouri.... which at one time was home to one of the World's most clever and intelligent of persons, Samuel Clemens.  Some pretty great writing, eh ?
This man is clearly a fool!   Rants and raves with absolutely no evidence, then his associates, and now his supporters, must explain it all away.  What a mess!  The greatest nation on earth??    God bless America; we need you desperately.
I am voting for Trump because the Clintons have escaped justice one too many times. Trump will put all of them in prison for their crimes.
@yooocaly *mormon hoes ;)
RT @Officialsed_: Most relationships end because bitches wanna take advice from their lonely ass single friends! &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
Waters needs her ass kicked out of the country. Hope the trumper does it
>> "If you can’t raise me $50,000, I won’t show up, so get to work" Reminds me of the supermodel Linda Evangelista who would not get out of bed for less than $10,000. So much for the little people.  And o'leary says he can't be bought? How stupid does he thing we are? What a jackass.
Seems like that just started happening for some reason. Maybe it's because people (myself at least) just hit sorta then yes as fast as they can without even reading most of the posts.
Hey, at least she didn't go on about being the first in her family to go to university.
Ranger anxiety is the achilies heel of these electro buggies.
Image:RikerpostTNG.jpg listed for deletion  An image or media file that you uploaded or altered, Image:RikerpostTNG.jpg, has been listed at Wikipedia:Images and media for deletion. Please see the discussion to see why this is (you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry), if you are interested in it not being deleted. Thank you. Ejfetters
When you try to insult someone try to use proper english.   And Manhattan had been under water a few times. It's only going to get worse. Miami is having the same problems.  If you stopped cramming alt-right blogs into your mind all day you might find the world isn't run by some liberal conspiracy. And everyone you encounter who isn't proudly ignorant like you isn't a liberal.
More lack of backbone devoted to ideology over common sense or truth or independence or freedom or competence, etc.
I've turned-in/swapped equipment at the old store several times; never a single problem.  They had a person at the door to triage what the customer needed and I was usually in and out in about 5 minutes with my new equipment/receipt for old equipment in hand.  Had a billing question once and their customer reps were knowledgeable, quick and helpful.  It took a little longer, but just like DMV, I took a number and moved right along.
b4: There we go. Scheer can't do any worse than Trudeau? Thanks for the facts backing up your claim. Oh... you didn't have any. Just being negative is going to get your party exactly zero more votes . Try remembering that the cpc is in opposition , is well behind in polls and it's their responsibility to change voters minds. And whining just ain't gonna do it.
and now u complain about my pictures, bloody typical of you wikipedians. I try to help and all you guys do is complain.  You know what? Im going to make another article about something else. If you dont like it then I dont give a crap.
As the article says, "state-regulated charitable gambling" ...opposes outside lottery competition and lobbies hard against it.  The part about small population doesn't deter the three states with smaller populations than Alaska (North Dakota, Vermont, and Wyoming).
Respectfully, I disagree. Only warrants uncivil rating if a specific person is called a idiot. Group idiotic behaviors/actions  are different.
my god this lunatic is dumb, its the opposition that is forcing another election
Well at least Friedman doesn't have to worry about the disease eating his brain. No there there.
Come on Geoff. You can't really believe that Trump is fit to run a country as powerful as the US. If he doesn't get the world into a nuclear war before his term is done, we would have been very lucky. It would not have been for lack of trying by him, though. Or maybe he is not trying. Maybe he just really is as stupid as he appears.
Is Trebor Ozawa representing his constituents or himself and special interests?   Voting in favor of bond issuance when there are unanswered questions about rail and a lack of accountability is irresponsible and I hope he never wins another election in Hawaii.  The argument about affordable housing and better commutes are like UFOs.  Everyone's heard about it, some claim to have seen it, but there's zero evidence or proof of it.
Go back to Target and fend for yourself.
Single like a dollar fucking bitches like im slater ..AWW MANE!
"Leading the way for Catholics was NETWORK, a social justice lobby that was highly instrumental in the original passage of Obamacare. The leader of NETWORK, Social Service Sr. Simone Campbell once again led the way."  God Bless Sr. Simone and all her fellow workers for justice.  Thousands would have died every year from lack of health insurance if that bill had been passed.
In the summer, when illegal camping is at its worst and there are an excess of "travelers" in our town, The Mission typically has beds available and does not operate at capacity.
They are the tunnel.
Why not just contact the band or their publicist and get some free images? See WP:ERP, or   Talk
I can be very vengeful. Don't be a cunt.
RT @jaylynnkoliba: @TonyJRodriguez imma get my crew on dis fuckin fag #3hunnad real talk nigga #turn up
It's basic bitches unite around these parts &#128514;
Has anyone else noticed a similar effect when they buy stocks recommended in the G & M?
Model 3 is not out yet.  we don't know how profitable Model 3 is going to be.
There better be some jobs in the coal mines for the workers in the hospitality industry. Or wherever Trump is going to create those jobs.
So you are comparing Hillary to Hitler? Here we go again. Even though I don't like her - I refuse to go along with that.
I hired them to kill people I don't like. Don't care if they wear spiked heels and a tutu to do it in.
And the disgusting way he treats Canadian taxpayers.
Alright ya faggots. Lets just stop with all the S/O and R/T. No one gives a fuck on what you think of other people. Probably lying anyways
@WyattNuckels then learn to read bitch
Title?  Isn't the correct title Hoodwinked! (with the exclaimation point)? That's how it's shown in the beginning of the actual film.
You quote the worse part for me "there are roughly 375,000 titles available worldwide on Audible and about 300,000 of those will be on the Canadian service." The way I read this, before the .ca address, we had access to 375k titles, and now it will be 300k? Worse no?
I am still a gigantic faggot
So your point is that this time period now , this era , the construct of masculinity is sexually assaulting women ? Garbage
...top of the echelon
"practice homosexuality, present deep-seated homosexual tendencies or support the so-called 'gay culture"  Since priests are celibate, anyone who "practices homosexuality" would be automatically prohibited from Holy Orders.  Why is this even an issue?
A pathetic comment, in the extreme.  Why don't you shift your sorry posterior down to Ottawa and say something derogatory about his wife to his face?  Go for it, tough guy.
Aloha Roheeni  Voting for someone "different" than who we have in office requires an openness of hearts and minds.    What often gets in the way is our biases and attachments to wanting things to be the same even when there is displeasure with the incumbent.    I'm grateful that Mr. Yaqoob presents a choice.
If you say anything about me I'll knock ur boyfriend out. Go for it bitch. Your boyfriend is a pubeless runt.
Meanwhile Reality Winner, an actual security risk, continued to fly under the radar.
The idiot CEO was against the Affordable Care Act. So I for one would cheer if his lousy pizza place went under.
Finally, JM reports on the current church/state crisis in Ireland. No head light, he, but tail light!
RT @jezzzz_: &#8220;@Ginga_Snaps13: @jezzzz_ @ShitPussiesSay Jessica I'm not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow&#8221; @RitenourSchools @BarackObama @&#8230;
DeStafano, having worked for Boehner, looks to be blocking appointees he doesn't like, and is preventing the swamp draining.  If Trump promised Tillerson autonomy in hiring decisions, he should be given that freedom.  I seriously doubt that Tillerson "resents being told what to do by younger White House staffers", and the real issue is the swamp is trying to keep him from draining it.  If you recall, Boehner had the House vote on a bill to defund Obamacare, followed by an appropriations bill funding it along with the rest of government.  And DeStefano worked for Boehner.  Frankly, I'd say DeStefano needs to be given a pink slip.
Trudeau is a doughy-eyed idiot.  Who was born into great wealth and never had to work a day in his life. . I'm not what Morneau's problem is.
"  He was signable before the league year began because he was cut by Seattle. He's not a UFA in the new league year.  Also, I just don't care.►''''''Holla! "
Nobody is racing you....
Its not surprising given how often the MSM shoves such  insignificant sexual traits down our throats.  Why dont we just shut up and leave our sexual preferences to the privacies of our bedrooms.  After all, we have serious national problems affecting all of us,  than our sexual hangups whatever these may be.
We let more immigrants into this country than we need because of sleazy, selfish, greedy politicians who want to widen their vote base.
Who determines "valid reason"? The lame-brained dimwits at Civil Comments? I guess that's not a civil thing to say, but as a result maybe this will get flagged and the red diaper doper babies will actually see it and realize their inadequacy. Who am I kidding? This post has enough words to fluster them and they won't be able to figure out how to hit the delete key.
The UNSCOM inspectors were on the ground in the hundreds for four months prior to the illegal invasion Kev scouring the country using all the intell available to them from Intelligence agencies around the world including speculative sites pointed to by the Bush admin. They found nothing and they had complete access to the entire country unlike in the '90s when Sadaam played games with the inspectors until Clinton ordered them out and then launched the massive bombing campaign known as Operation Desert Fox. From that point until October of 2002 there was no UN inspector presence on the ground in Iraq so a lot of suspicions went unchecked. After October of 2002 however the foremost weapons inspections teams in the world operating under the authority of the United Nations scoured the country and disproved all the suspicions. Bush knew by March of 2003 that the lies he needed to use to launch his war of choice had been found baseless but he invaded anyway. More Americans died than in 9-11.
Actually SkeptiCat, rates were increased in 2016 by 2.5%. They also plan on increasing rates an additional 10% over the next 5 years and I would venture a guess that that number goes up much higher than that. EWEB plays with residents money to make property purchases and engages in horrible secret deals with pollution generating sawmills all at the expense of rate payers. If we use energy efficient light bulbs, appliances, etc. they make less revenue so what do they do? They raise rates, again and again and again.
I really doubt the fact that they could not find anyone as qualified that would accept the standard salary package. I would call for an investigation into this and if there is any semblance of mis-use of government funds, cronyism or anything illegal. I would ask that both Mr. Butts and Mr. Sarkar be removed from their posts and charged for anything illegal. As for others who were brought in from outside the government and also paid these inflated salaries, the same things should be investigated and also presented openly to the Canadian public. If there is any semblance of mis-use of government funds, cronyism or anything illegal, the parties involved should also be removed from office and charged if they have done anything illegal.   For any official to use an excuse that the candidates would be taking a paycut to accept the post is stupid and really begs to question of how hard they looked that they could not find anyone as qualified to accept the standard salaries? Dumb excuse.
Really?   Actually, despite what your page says about having a life outside of Wikipedia, someone who has enough time in their day to write an article and post it about a gamer on xbox clearly has no life whatsoever.  Why don't you make an attempt to get off your computer or TV and get a real life, one that might involve real humans and not screen names?  Have you ever thought that maybe people are playing a game and not taking men in plastic cups and helmets running around on screens as seriously as you do?  Get off the xbox, get off wikipedia go outside and talk to a real person, maybe then you won't be such a waste of space, its actually hilarious how seriously you take this stuff!
I have had my dogs on Tramadol -- and sedation has always been a side effect from that drug.  In some cases, some dogs may experience an opposite effect -- but that is a rare exception.  No musher sees Tramadol as an effective pain relief medication for competition -- if pain medications were allowed by race rules, there are more effective pain medications than that.  And dogs don't become constipated from Tramadol.  Human beings become constipated after being on strong opiate medications - but dogs do not react in the same way. And, btw - Dallas is a very knowledgeable musher and honest -- and even if he weren't, he would not risk drugging his dogs hours before a scheduled drug screen.
Give us a break. California has the MOST restrictive gun laws in the nation. The only crime is the citizens are at the mercy of the scum of the earth......their legislators. Oh yeah, and criminals, too.
But bitches are crazy, I'd be in jail for sure
drop it a day early fuck niggas need to hear it now &#8220;@YoungGizzle_: #ED1 was so hard &#128293;but that's trash compared to #ED2&#8221;
From my understanding, Trump is a republican. Your either loyal to your party or not.
youre a dumbass liar hectorine, that was about kinross and i already cant change the article..
"@alex22, lol what the hell are you on about? you clueless moron!\n\xa0\nSeeing most\xa0 comments, I dont know whether you lot are being deliberately stupid or its just your ugly nature..."
You suck!   I hate your guts you piece of shit!!!! -your friendly neighbourhood abuser
Ms St aint no hoe. They fuckin Auburn up
Has Pat Robertson weighed in to blame it on The Gays yet?
The writer is asking a valid question.    He's about to take the car for a steady-speed one-day trip of 1,000km.  If the oil is fine, why NOT change it after the one-way trip?  I've heard of people servicing their car immediately before a holiday trip and running into problems with the work done.  The reader is asking a valid question, and if there is sufficient life left in the oil (which it surely is as Mercedes mandates factory synthetic oil at $20/litre...), then there is easily enough life for the oil to travel well in excess of 1,000km of easy highway driving, before the next oil change.  as per my other comment, one option undertaken by enthusiasts is to change the filter only, and top up the oil.  As it has been shown that the Filter will reach its capacity far earlier than when a synthetic oil will exhaust its additive package that serves to protect the motor.
Well if Bell wouldnt run the same 5 commercials over and over and over again, myabe people would have tuned in more.
No notifications were sent to account holders at Smokey Point branch. Account holders are calling Safeway wondering where their money is. This is an interesting way to conduct business.
Lol just saw the news and this moron said something to the effect that Bannon sucks his own dick.  That's as professional as this admin can get.   Truly a reflection of Trump and his moronic supporters.
Idiotic statement
This is a stupid decision.  Hard to even talk about it.
My taste in music goes from love song to "pop that pussy bitch" in like .5 seconds.
You may think that you pay a higher rate of personal income tax and you might be right.  That depends on what personal deductions you have.  But there are all the other taxes you don't have to pay from your income like those in business do.  We have the CPP, and EI which we have to pay as the employee and the employer.  There is also WSIB and EHT none of which you have to pay from your earnings.
Yep, would have said, "If it was my child, I would be up", to put it mildly.  Also, slowing on a case, it's who you know.
Fire predates humans, ergo, no such thing as arson.  Same silly "argument" rejectionists have been trying for years and yet they've not learned what's wrong with it.
@Marcfoor4 bring yo bitch ass whith em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up
You can buy bitches/ho's etc tho
You pay 40-50% in income taxes, plus ~20% in sales tax? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_rates_in_Europe
They will change their support when they lose their health care. The Trump voters are the very people that need government funded healthcare. But that core 38% are not swaying as yet.
Not to mention we only have one major transport hub to tout, ie. number four busiest cargo by volume.  But Memphis is number two.  This assumes there won't be any concern for other forms of transportation like ship or rail.  Plus, I don't know if we have the internet infrastructure Amazon will need.  Though if Anchorage could get Alphabet to declare Anchorage an area for Google Fiber expansion...
Baby I can make that pussy rain, often
Conservatives do not have a monopoly on common sense.  In fact, I would say that "social conservatives" are totally lacking in common sense.
Look, you claimed Libya is the number one launch pad for refugees into Europe. You are wrong, it is not. You might as well claim Libya is the number one competition in the world against Quebec maple syrup production. I mean, you can make up whatever you want.
?? carbon tax  votes is not a % of all he does, stupid.
Somebody might be getting a firm warning that if this happens again, they could be facing a strong warning.
Really? Those are the only "possibilities" to you?...there's not, like, an option that goes a little something like this: "President Trump isn't legally required to, and it's none of your business?" Or, "If President Trump is suspected of something illegal on his taxes, then the IRS can investigate; and since the Obama IRS didn't investigate him after he submitted his taxes, there's a very good likelihood there's absolutely nothing evil going on, whatsoever." . Those two possibilities never entered the picture for you, huh?
It is a good idea to listen to professional reporters while there are still a few around. Unfortunately, newsrooms are being cut to the bone and good investigative journalism is fading fast.
"Thanks to Baby Boomers' greed" Are you calling trump's supporters greedy?  More people from states that voted for him file for SS disability.  And the great generation?  You left them out of your hyperbole.  "We're living large while saddling our kids and grandkids with the bill." Oh yeah, "living large" on SS.  trump adores you.
no i believe she deserves the death penalty.
Is that wild ignorance, veiled racism or a bad attempt at humor? Who cares, it was incredibly stupid no matter where it came from.
27 22:38, 18 Jul 2004 (UTC)
Why don't we all just commit mass suicide now rather than the slow death of 99% of all life on Earth with global warming, species extinction, pollution, human population explosion and, last but not least, Trump as president?  This is absolute insanity!  Profits over clean water, healthy forests, carbon sequestration, wildlife habitat...sure, destroy all of the public forests so a few can profit; business as usual on steroids= Trump and the rest of the clowns on his "team." We've reached a new low in this country and it's going to take the rest of the planet down with it.
I think insurance claim denials should result in felony fraud convictions, but I digress.... I appreciate the respectful disagreement. I'd be inclined to slap an uninsured driver or unlicensed driver with a felony. They know each and every time they get into a car that they are violating the law. A momentary distraction, it could happen to anyone. The other thing is, why would the felony only apply if the victim is a pedestrian or bicyclist? What about the motorist in the other car when someone runs a red? Here's a sentencing chart: I don't want people losing their jobs over driving infractions that most people commit. http://www.oregon.gov/cjc/about/Documents/guidelinesgrid.pdf
As is expected after one of these events, the cries of “We need gun control” are heard from the anti gun crowd.  They don’t stop to think, they just want to blame and punish everyone WHO DIDN’T DO IT. Emotion over reason.  Blame the gun owners, blame the NRA, blame, blame, blame. Don’t blame the deranged murder, blame the method. As we’ve seen, a large truck can be used in a very deadly way on a crowd of people. If this trend continues, what will the conversation and be? This murderer was also a pilot. What would the conversation be, if he crashed a plane into the crowd? As laws are for the law abiding, would another law have prevented this?  Isn’t murder already a crime? Unfortunately the deranged can always find a way. Punishing the people who didn't do it will never solve the problem.
Too bad there's no Reaction face for stupid comments.
The Stairs are within the Conservation District/Forest Reserve, which is a crucial part of our water system that BWS is charged with protecting &  maintaining. Transferring the land under the Stairs is not an option. Being stuck with paying for those Stairs in perpetuity is not and should not be part of BWS' mandate.
How do you prevent renter debt to landlords from accumulating and getting larger without evictions?  Is the government suppose to pay the tab to prevent the renter from going homeless?  Already the City of Denver is using property tax to subsidize renters, and to subsidize home ownership via land trusts.  When does all this largess end, after long-time homeowners start getting eviction notices because they can't pay their budget busting property taxes?
@iMGorgeous_HOES eew bitch get out of my carrrr
I mock you and your pathetic god. I am not afraid of your crappy god who will punish me forever if I dont 'worship' him in just the right way...because he loves me.   If you were smarter you would see just how contradictory that is but there is nothing we can do about that. Ignorance is curable but what you have is genetic.
time for you to get help for your delusions,, the us people understand this scam for what it is, too bad your blind ignorant brain washing does not.
Just wait until we open our doors to the poor people from the TB capital of Europe , Romania .
Cant wait! RT @StrictlyKeyz All niggas wanna do at 45 is pop Viagra and pop young bitches
"Your non-stop childish name calling is a strong indicator that you cannot make a logical intelligent argument to backup whatever point you try to make."  And there, fellow forum posters, you have the perfect description of Donald Trump.  Especially the part about "non-stop childish name calling."  Ironic that RadirD thinks of his adversaries using the central characteristic of Trump.  Fascinating.
Do you live in North Pole?
&#8220;@sabdaddyy: Shine on them hoes http://t.co/xOurnvvaYP&#8221; look at my baby daddy
Most of Trump's base are poor and white. Most of them have Obamacare now. But they voted for him. And now they're on the news crying please Trump what am I going to do? I have no money to pay for healthcare. It doesn't make sense.
Well, I think it's oddly laid-out, unsourced, and could be nominated for deletion any second. I still think the best course would have been to wait for guidance from Wikipedia talk:WikiProject Tree of Life#Extinction lists.
still trying to figure out what you were trying to say ...Alex Jones never criticizes Israel because he is part of the controlled opposition. They are only unknowable if you don't look
I've never understood the Republican platform on this. People (including Democrats AND Republicans) aren't going to stop having sex. It just isn't going to happen, regardless of the weird Puritanical fantasies some pro-lifers have. So why not help prevent abortions through contraception? It's not the entire answer but it's a part of the answer. But Republicans, supposedly pro-life (which is laughable) want to eliminate one method that helps prevent abortions. I want to get back to a point where I meet a Republican and not immediately assume said person is an idiot.
"Fuck yea. Fuck all of you hatin on that Fututre track. Astronaut status!"
PS I have always called George W. Bush GWB-especially when character count limited.  So that also makes me Russian? Just like the post I first responded to, that said I was? Huh! Who knew!   What I think is, anyone who does not call our President Trump horrid names, who agrees with cutting spending and agrees with border security is under horrid word and name  attack here.   Oh well.   I will keep right on going, with or without the Left Sides Blessings.
T: Are you always this "uncivil" or just having a bad day?
I dont think ive ever seen a fight on the real world. I mean a word fight yeah. tons of times. but damn! that bitch swung
This new comment system is terrible.   Letting partisan posters approve or disapprove of others' comments will only serve to stifle the minority.  If you want to moderate the comments, get a real, unbiased moderator.
Urdu Wikipedia   Please add urdu wikipedia link on main page of english wiki  http://ur.wikipedia.org/wiki/صفحہ_اول
Don't fall victim to transference.  This country is far greater than the dangerous menace who is currently our PM.
ARE YOU SERIOUS???  ''I WAS JUST TRYNA BE NICE BY THANKING YOU FOR A PROFESSIONAL DISCUSSION BUT YOU DELETE WHAT I HAD TO SAY, I NEVER SAID I LIKED YOUR OLD ASS LIKE THAT, FUCK YOU TOO!!!!!!! BROOKLYN ALL DAY EVERYDAY, NEW YORK STAND UP
They even have machines these days that can read. I hear they don't complain. They always read what you want them to.
Trudeau and his wife are "GRIFTERS". Looka t their activities and then compare to the definition.
The authors have put forward a logical and reasonable plan...as far as they go.  However, I see a gaping omission with no references to addressing oil taxes and credits.  We really need to plug loophole for the lack of any revenue from low-dollar oil, cap time limits on tax/credit preferences for new oil and remove tax credits for every exploration/drilling scheme under the sun.  But we do need to start somewhere, and this is a start.
This is how your going to solve the "PERS" problem, make others pay for your problem, to insure you still continue to get your "PERS".  Oh by the way sure getting tired of School Funding being attached to all new "Taxes", "Bonds" and any other bill.  Bottom line the money never gets there, it goes to "PERS", oh by the way did I mentioned that solving "PERS' is not others people problem, not others to fund it, I thought I did.
I feel like a swag fag w this shirt lmao http://t.co/P2x2qbejOh
"@SaintMarty Kovachoo was playing tonight?"
I Said nothing about University funding.  I said research grants.  Many professors die if they can't bring in government money for research. That includes scientific, political science, environmental science,  studies of every kind.  I question your 6%, you're telling me the state is only giving 6% to the university?
RT @wintervphillips: *steals your bitch*
I know... what's next?  Police? Fire Fighters? Roads?  Military?
Jacob thanks for voting. To grasp what happened this is a must read. http://www.gregpalast.com/election-stolen-heres/
Pablum only had its final development in Toronto anyway. It started as a porridge for feeding chicks, developed at the Ontario Agricultural College - then affiliated with U of T but now part of Guelph.
"Saying nuff said makes you an official a$$hole. Nuff said"
Winner winner chicken dinner. No how much $$ they throw at the problem it will never go away.
Isn't terrible?  I just re-read that post, and at first I thought I was reading a transcript from a FOX NEWS segment. . . even the reading voice in my head sounded like a nasty looking bleached blonde.
Nazi.  You can delete my talk page, but i do it to you and im banned.  Fucking fascist.
Lets keep it that way and not destroy it Check out this ice cave in Dobšiná Its frigging cold in there
I could give a tinker's damn sport. Kindly perform self-fornication asap.
W bitch
Benny_B, historically, that's the kind of thing that results in vigilantes.
"South African banks have been quite lenient… There’s a willingness to assist,”  Think it is time to sell my banking shares!
You nailed it !
As you obviously know, everyone lies. I do, you do, everyone. And yes even children. The difference between Clinton and trump is Clinton like most liars is a situational liar. Trump is a pathological liar. Big difference.
Sorta agree but definitely agree on Mags doing it all.  The coaches did well too.
@Yes_THAT_KiKi hey send me your songs I need to put them hoes on a CD and bang em when I ride around
RT @fitemeirl1v1: Lol everyone's a lil bitch
Bob Corker is obviously a deflecting lying democrat himself. What a nerve of the man to counter attack by mocking any support to find the true behind the phantom Trump's russian collusion.
When you're an ignorant left nut...
Bigot/racist murderers need to go to death row immediately after being convicted of their ghastly crime.  No appeals, just immediate death.
Two years ago, I made a radical decision that I haven't regretted.  Rather than burn $250 a month in gas, I leased an electric car for about the same money per month.  My recharging costs range between $35 to $40 per month.  My insurance cost dropped and my annual maintenance cost are minimal.  Good planning has allowed me to never be stranded with a discharged battery.  When the lease runs out, I'm just getting into another electric car, new or used.  Goodbye Internal Combustion Engine!  Goodbye Fossil Fuels!
You said, in the comment that got deleted, that those who leave the Catholic Church are in serious danger of going to hell. This is not what the magisterium teaches. Ergo, your claim that your beliefs are wholly congruent with the magisterium is untrue. I made up nothing, and you are slandering me when you claim that I did -- but everyone knows you will neither recant nor apologize.
Mayweather is a pussy hes only winning cus he picks his fight and he picks the nobody fighters . #fightPacquiao @FloydMayweather
Only thing stupid is trolls with no meat in the game like you Squiggly Squirt!
No, Frank, you wanker, if I'd tried to fire you, you'd be a memory.   I can count on the fingers of one hand the State employees who dodged that bullet.   Of course you'd defend Che Guevara.
Eric and Lynnetta Marcellus just now working on evictions huh? Just dragging down everyone’s property values in the area and you know the neighbors complained to you constantly but now you’re working on evictions how many stolen vehicles later? Ridiculous.
HarryReid hit the Nuclear Option and now just a majority is all that is needed
In most if not all larger cities and communities/regions the concept of first response is the go-to and legitimate way to save lives and perform service. When an ambulance/paramedics are called, fire departments answer that call equally if there resources are available, ie in the shop.I work in Health Care housing with many vulnerable adults with myriad health concerns. If a call is made by a "tenant" for emergency health services, fire trucks show up as well, sometimes first. They are well trained personnel and typically if on scene first, begin the necessary medical intervention, then depending on situations they continue to assist when para-meds are on scene, or if all is under control, go back to await the next call. That is the current medical/emergency response protocol in most places.
Oh please!  He came on condemning it right after.  Dont let your TDS shine through.
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
And it only cost $10 trillion dollars doubling the national debt in 8 years. Obama has racked up more debt than all other presidents combined.  How's the billions wasted on debt servicing every month?  And your "self-sufficiency with oil" is a lot of garbage
ARC Gritt, the fucking cunt of all cunts, ruined me by saying I vandalised 2009 Formula One season. What a cunt.
Ha ha ha, nice.
NETWORK FORENSICS   You might want to wonder about someone who owns a security company and harrasign them on wikipedia nad what they could be doing monitoring you on wikipedia.  You are really stupid.
-On a beautiful UCC  campus, this spot above Jackson Hall and the pool is an especially attractive location, looking down on the North Umpqua River below. This will help overcome the terrible memories of that violent  day in Snyder Hall.
Bang on opinion piece.....as an owner of two small businesses I will be voting conservative for the first time in my life in the next federal election!  This was a poorly executed half baked plan that does nothing to improve the tax system or improve fairness.
He praised the strike, saying killing Islamic State fighters was a “positive move.”  Amen.
When you cherry pick and try to treat that as the norm you get yourself into trouble. I am sure I could find horror stories about things that have got awry in private schools. Isolated examples don't mean all public schools are bad, or that there's some liberal conspiracy.   The American education system is *vast*.   Private education, for those who can afford it, is great. I agree with you that public education needs improvement.   But where I don't agree with you is that deviant teachers are waiting around every corner with some sort of liberal sex education agenda. Showing me a few isolated cases isn't going to convince me of a trend (if it should then you'd have to accept whatever cherry picking I can find).  We all want kids to make the right decisions. We all want the young to be shielded too. Political affiliation doesn't mask some corrupt agenda. Let's stand up to extremism on both ends of the spectrum and hopefully help kids mature responsibly.
Please show me where the Church taught dogmatically that the earth was the center of the universe. Pius NEVER said the Church's magisterial teachings "must reflect new discoveries".
It means (I presume) that no evidence was offered in their defence.  (T)
Has he learned the names of any world leaders yet? Or found out anything about Aleppo? Just curious.
Yas bitches YAS &#128588; http://t.co/bsrWTMKw87
Come on, how can we not love his leadership??  Clearly he is saving billions by swooshing paper towel rolls to the crowd.  Did you see his perfect jump shot form that was on display?  He even threw out Bounty (quicker picker upper) to the people so they can easily take it home and soak up all of the displaced water in their homes and get back to normal.  It's a tremendous effort.  He's doing a bigly, tremendous job!!
Actually, this is the best thing that could have happened to the Ducks early in the season, well, except for getting Dillon Brooks back healthy and 100% ready to play. So the players and coaches don't have to continue to talk about a top-five ranking, Final Four expectations, etc. The hype, at least for now, has subsided, which probably takes some of the pressure off the young players on the team, and just let them focus on playing well, playing hard, especially against very good competition in Maui, and getting better each week leading up to the start of conference play at the end of December.
So I presume it is President Trump to you...
Where is the Washibgton Examiner's story about how Kellyanne Conway claims that all attacks on her are sexist?
Should be no difference. I can't see what the big deal is!
the stupidity of liberal trolls like amb, never ends does it! no wonder canada is becoming an economic basket case with losers like that running things
Stood outside for 5 minutes to take a phone call, went back in and looked in the mirror and saw a Somalian. Fuck the sun lil punk ass bitch
(cont.)     domestikgoddez, I am sure your Great Lakes water  was a fun experience, I am surprised you have any skin left with all the pollution that was in those lakes.  The Great Lakes water is like you sitting around a kids wading pool and  floating a  little rubber ducky.    Your reference of me being a dorfman is another fabricated possibly drug infused vision of yours.   Ooh Rah............
After years of fossil fuel haters writing oil and gas regulations, the red tape and other cost make Alaska non competitive with Saudi Oil and other places that want oil production.  Alaska has oil haters and monopoly lovers and the small oil competition can't get past a rigged system so as a result Alaskans and all Americans suffer, that is until now that President Trump came along and became the game changer!  Alaska and American can make us the biggest oil producer on the planet in a very short period of time if Alaska leaders and others make it happen!  Call your leaders and tell them to drill baby drill so no one can Trump America!
That seems a highly selective interpretation of the right for voters to cast ballots privately. I would counter that anyone  pushing to force identified voting is building a fast track to tyranny. The majority ALWAYS feels they are "disinfecting" the population by "purging" in some way. As the offspring of WWII survivors, your choice of words makes me shiver.   Yes,voting is open to even the least informed among us. Its regrettable how large that bloc is, but I understand why the rules are meant to prevent me - or you, or Trump -  from deciding who gets to vote.  As far as feeling like its your prerogative to interrogate others on their vote, I suppose you do indeed have it....but my point was that it is socially unintelligent.
You bought an EV 9 years ago.  Surely you can acknowledge the leaps and bounds since then?  Good for you for being an early adopter, but as an analogy you were really using the old heavy Ni-cad cordless drill over the new Lithium Ion cordless drills.   Night and day.  So if they have improved 200% since you bought  yours, what will they be like in another 9 years?
Let's be real; it was a pathetic walk-back from his indulgence in conspiracy theories.  Those things I said yesterday, I'm not going to say anything more about them until Congress opens an investigation into them, which they won't do because no one except losers who use acronyms like MSM believe this stuff.
That's how dumb you folks are. I watch what I want on satellite for about 30% of the price you pay. You need to get out of your garage and see the world. Oh  I like futbol (soccer) also   By the way, I still get to pay US taxes and vote in the US. So I don't miss much. First time I didn't vote for a presidential candidate since 1972
It's also important to know that labor unions can avoid representing non-members by not demanding a monopoly contract and by disclaiming exclusive representative status.  In fact, Federal law does NOT require labor unions to represent all workers and the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that the National Labor Relations Act allows unions to negotiate contracts covering only dues-paying members.  IMO, it's simply unAmerican to force workers and their families to financially support a union/PAC against his/her will as a condition of employment... but sadly that's still legal in non-RTW states but good reason for why it should be outlawed in all of America.  RTW is right for the USA!
What VECO (and probably Wackenhut, the Outside partner in the prison proposal - which is now GEO Group) wanted was not in violation of federal or state laws. However, if it had happened to me, I damn sure would have reported it to anyone interested. Bell's comment, by the way, is the first publicly reported offer of a the earliest bribe in the whole "Polar Pen" affair. The proponents of the plan, eventually wound up owning the later bribers, Cornell Companies, and now own the ex-Weimar Allvest chain of halfway houses in Alaska.
I look like Denzel when I tilt my head to the side too bitch
You mean like China? They are kicking America's ass in technology. What they don't have they copy or steal. And you buy it to complain about Canada.
No one ever accused the NHL owners of being smart .  They are making all that money because they have an absolute monopoly .
No bonehead. Trump is a patriot.  Sheriff Joe is a patriot. You are merely veteran, and a traitor as well.
says the same ignorant left wingers who claimed he would never be elected!! HA HA keep crying lefty
RT @papo_fonseca: Niqqas talk more then bitches these days.
I suspect you will see further acceleration of the process with a Trump presidency. The Chinese are trying to reduce their holdings in U.S government bonds because the latter's value is expected to drop. . When inflation expectations rise, interest rates rise, bond yields increase and bond prices fall. It's fair to assume higher yields on US investments in anticipation of tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending by the Trump administration.
Amen and Amen - Bullying is intentional and repetitive.  These guys were stupid for sure, but should have been given a chance to speak with student body and parents in an open forum. I cannot believe these parents are being held up as good examples, by making the kids the victims? How is that going to help them ? I have news for  them, and I tell my kids this all the time, people are going to speak evil about you, what do you do ? Dwell on it ? No, you forgive and move on, which has been my position with Trump as well (garycrum) from day one. The guy has done some stupid things for sure, but give him a chance to rise to the equation and forgive him. This episode is not helping these kids at all, and is teaching them no lessons that will help them later on. I think it is a pathetic example of an angry vengeful society.
Did you donate $500?
Ah yes, us "NDP types"....
You got sucker punched, so clearly all minority grievances are false or exaggerated. Sorry you got punched by some idiot, sorrier that you're using it as an excuse to be a bigot.
I like what former speaker of the House Tip O'Neal once said, "All politics is local."  That means the big guy has to answer to the little guy no matter how one slices it.  Levels of government have to work together to take care of its people.  Last time I looked, we're not a robot dependent society yet.  Name a few state departments that overlap.
"What does it say about the industry when one of the best films of the year didn’t even receive a theatrical release in Canada? I’ll get back to you, as soon as I can find a theatre playing anything other than Rogue One."  Good one.  But you can't expect that any film that is arguably "one of the best films" decent distribution when ever nickel in the budget went to make the movie itself...and there was no money for line-items called (1) promotion (2) PR and (3) opportunity for corporate tie-ins.   "In the meantime, seek out ..."  Right.  Where?  When? Some answers in the Public Library DVD shelves these days, (where I borrowed 10 Cloverfield Lane recently) but I bet I won't find Operation Avalanche. Here's hoping against hope...
Tiptoe thru the Tulips lyrics http://www.metrolyrics.com/tiptoe-thru-the-tulips-with-me-lyrics-tiny-tim.html  Predates hippies. Wikipedia:  "Crooning Troubadour" Nick Lucas topped the US charts with "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" in 1929, after introducing the song in the musical "talkie" film Gold Diggers of Broadway. Lucas's recording held the #1 position for 10 weeks. Other artists charted with the song in 1929, including Jean Goldkette (#5), Johnny Marvin (#11), and Roy Fox (#18)....  The song was revived in 1967 by the California rock group The Humane Society and in 1968 by Tiny Tim, whose version charted at #17 that year, becoming his signature song, which he would continue to perform throughout his career. It was also later covered by The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiptoe_Through_the_Tulips  I think I first heard a satirical version by some large folk group in the early 1960s. Ended with "come stomp through the nasties (nasturtiums) with me".
Not sure - I do not have visibility to the entire program.
Some of them must be facing a quandry -- they go to their "flock" wringing their hands about the cuts to safety net programs for the poor, and asking for action, and they know they'll hear either, "you told us to vote for these goons, and you knew this was their position, why are you hypocrites complaining about it now?" or "why would we care about gutting the existing health care and cutting all these welfare costs now when that's what we voted for in the first place?"
Caused by millions of illegal, unregistered voters, tied to millions of illegal immigrants, too.
I really just wanna brake your fucking head in but I'll look like a bitch if hit you.....
Touching on this, I found a useless remark that appeared to be vandalism. Pertaining an opinion on how seriously the college takes its football, it's now been rectified. - ManaCorp
I'm seventeen years old with a government job, ask me if I give two fucks about the next bitch &#128564;
We need a new reformation to end the male-only priesthood.  For the new evangelization, we need women deacons, women priests, and women bishops.  Hope this time the reformation comes from within!
Lets keep Pattons (opps. I mean Trump) name in the news.  After all, nothing happening at the DNC but a bunch of crazed leftist that think useful idiot emotional issues are more important than American sovereignty and security.
What a guy, that's the way he is trying to make great America ?. Donald you're fired.
Where is this section, WLU? Your changes must be verifiable. Also, like my last comment, I have no idea where you guys are with this sentence. I see you added page 262 to the citation, WhatamIdoing. Can you say what part of that page supports this sentence, how you were able to link the two together reasonably, etc? Again the key components are (1) shaming comments, (2) appearing unattractive in public, and (3) baldness. Can you let me know what page 262 says (the relevant part)? Thanks.
Okay, what the heck guys. Those producers we listed are ON THE ALBUM ACCORDING TO NICKI MINAJ. And if a track lists, we list it as a possible track on the album. We basically set this whole article back by deleting all of those producers. SMH
As a long time "Tuckerman watcher" I would say Tuckerman's job has always been Tuckerman.
HEY STAY THE FUCK OUT OF MY BUISNESS YOU JEWISH REDNECK MEXICAN FUCKER I KILL YOU FUCKER STAY THE FUCK OUT OF MY BUISNESS
So you guys are a special kind of idiots  ...
Be careful what you wish for, Garrison. You are a fool.
If that was Sheldon's last game and Cameron Wong got that pick-six, it would have been a great ending to an amazing season. But, they are playing next week in the quarterfinals. Go Irish! Go Wonger!!!!
"Ms. Renzetti : I loved your metaphor - silence is a cave that provides no shelter."  Precisely. It was precisely such neglectful, hypocritical greedy arrogant silence that lost Hillary Clinton the election. She and her elitist colleagues, beholden to Wall Street, wanted to forget, "It's the economy, stupid" that wins elections.
We ought not encourage Donald Trump of the idea that Canadian energy is somehow his.
when yo song come on and you hit the blunt hard af cause that hoe go dat hard
Try and post like an adult, and stop making ad homminem attacks.
The only thing you sons of biches can do. FUCK YOU.FUCK YOU.  Now block me properly. I can sign up again and do all the stuff again.
@BraxCity29 @maria_obregon_g @sophia_freeman1 3/4 of a citizen. I said it for you maria you spic
The race 911 number is an excellent idea.  Obviously, this would necessitate that the mobile device be limited to contacting the 911 number only.  Perhaps Glock could make such a device that called "R A C E 9 1 1" as a part of disabling the 45 cal firearm safety switch.
Air Canada, like Bombardier, is free to treat taxpayers like trained monkeys. There is no service or respect. The stewardesses bump into you when walking the aisles. Planes are regularly late. And if you don't arrive at the airport hours before you might not get the flight.
All tax sheltering schemes are tax deferrals.  The passive investment income is taxed at a lower rate under the current system in a company than it would be personally, but when the money is taken out of the company in the form of dividends, there is tax to pay.
Only a handful of the usual ignorant left wing uneducated people parrot that nonsense.
"She was a bitch anyway"
You are a huge piece of dog crap
Please.  This is junk reporting.  Focus on where and when crime increased.  It did NOT increase for "Colorado" it increased in specific places in Colorado for specific reasons.  Focus on densely populated areas with long-standing Democrat and leftist/socialist populations.  Compare and contrast to the rest of the State.  Add some value to the statistics you report.
All hoe money is gooooooooooood
"Muslim women in Canada are cast as the blackest of political demons, the most frightening of ghosts. "  My goodness, hyperbole much?
Bodish peoples? Are there Bodish PEOPLES? If so, something about this needs to be mentioned in the article.
I have yet to hear a plausible  argument why a community should ban cannibis related businesses...it's usually a "reefer madness" style statement about " not wanting that here".... Well.... Unless you're walking around with a bag on your head you'd notice it's already here.....  Don't be stupid , KPB....
Alberta  ...Minus 42....Have block heater.  Still have to let vehicle warm up
You peoples media loved her. Chinese media saw that it was all a money grubbing act from day one. Democracy and Death both begin with "D".
That bodybuilder is transgender (female to male). If people want others to use bathrooms with the equipment they were born with, then he would be using the women's room. If philhiblers wife was in the restroom and he came in, should she say there is a man in the wrong bathroom? Or will phil tell her to rest easy since he is "really a woman" and should be using the women's room?
Well hopefully the boarding school bias will die off as the elders die off.   There are a couple very good ones in this state now, Galena and Sitka.
Trump is ridiculous.
Hoffman von  Rumerstein says that  Cdl Burke demanded Boeselager's resignation whereas Boeselager in a personal statement says that it was the Grand Master Festing who demanded it. Communications' director Ajroldi di Robbiate backs this up by asking how Burke would be involved as he had "no voice" on the internal decisions of the leaders. The Knights also appeared to be backing Festing until he capitulated to the demands of the Pope that he resign. What brought about this sudden volte-face? Did the Vatican issue some sort of threat to bring this about? Did the friendship between Cdl Parolin and Boeselager have anything to do with it and was the Pope simply backing his Secretary of State who had exceeded his authority? There's more to all this than meets the eye. Will we ever know the truth?
"However tell me when was the last time a conservative spoke a Sanford, without a protest?"  Daily.   https://stanfordpolitics.com/political-correctness-doesnt-silence-conservatives-d41995c0789c
No drilling in ANWR.  Not now, not ever.
Justin Trudope has sold Canada to China. China , UN; ( but especially China )are  taking the advantage of our village idiot PM. This is treason, it's very disturbing.
I am glad you asked what taxes non-consumptive users pay for wildlife whether they photograph or just view wildlife for pleasure. Federal income taxes I and many other Alaskans pay each year are returned to fund state as well as federal wildlife management agencies within Alaska. State wildlife agencies can not run on gun taxes alone. Hunters don't own wildlife and have the right to make all the laws because they contribute taxes from hunting licenses.
Boy, li'l czar Putin the bully boy whining about international law being broken, paints the Russians for what they are, hypocrites of the first order. Too bad about the warning, maybe some of Assad's supporting cast would have seen some action instead of bombing defenseless women and children wherever the Russians invade, eh? The faux Canadians, Putin apologists, Russian trolls can go to.... Trump finally did what Obama should have years ago. Canada and Canadians support the action!
RT @Italian_Montana: &#8220;@arosati96: The bromance between pat and ant is real&#8221; fuck that faggot
You may consider it a "cult".  That is certainly your right.   Many people consider Christianity - or at least some sects of it - to be cults.  The thing is that we are blessed by the First Amendment:  ***Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.***  http://www.billofrights.org/  To treat any one religion as a "cult" while not treating ALL religions as "cults" would violate the Bill of Rights.  There is no "ruling religion" in the US.  We also have laws which require reasonable accommodation of religion.
I know the lady and she is honest and reasonable. She does not take foolish risks for no reason. She also honors her commitments.
Defenders of SB91 - aka stuck on stupid
Congratulations.  You are in the running for the top silliest comment of 2016.
Get a psychatrist, moron.   You 9/11 truthers make me sick. paranoid schizophrenics like yourself shouldn't be allowed to use a computer. I'd suggest that you stop lying on your userpage that your are in MENSA - clearly your not. Only retards think 9/11 was an inside job. Oh and take a bath. It's been months since you last took one.
Yoga you are the one who is brainwashed. It is obvious that the fool is caught in a rip current so you jump in and drown with him.
Exactly what "constitutional freedoms" are you losing with a chip?  Second amendment?  First amendment?  You don't need a passport to live in America.  Get a grip.
so what your telling me is the locals of camas and washougals swimming hole is shutdown why ... when the locals have a papermill... hmmm weyerhauser very stupid ... plus lost of rednecks.. very stupid
You are a sick sociopathic and possibly psychopathic individual.  These particular mental health markers are often determined by the murderous urges that one voices and then in extreme circumstances acts out upon other living creatures. Murderers tend to start with innocent animals and then progress to their own kind.  You seem rather ignorant yet you seem to believe that as human being your life is somehow worth more than a cat.  I seriously doubt that given your negative attitude and likely mental illness, that you bring even a fraction of happiness to those around you that a feline or other companion animals do, in fact, if you have mated and then bred, I can pretty much guarantee that your wife hates and fears you and she and your children have zero respect for you, but hey, carry on with your cat-killing ways, I just hope for our species that you don't progress along the path that it seems certain you will.  Your family and your neighbors should fear for their lives.
Obviously you feel the deal IS sweet enough. Quelle surprise !
Canadians have been fooled and are now the most stupid people on the planet. They have chosen to give away more and more of their earnings to government for no logical reason. I will not pay any more.
and they should drop their miserable whinging about contraception.
@MTBornnard it's got good mojo for sure. Paybacks a bitch
I have worked in the oil industry I am aware where Red Dog is, I was using it as an example and you never answered my question.
Could you please post your source? I keep hearing the same statement from people, and it's just not true. It's a misnomer to think we have a low Corp. income tax rate. Oregons Corp. income tax rate is very middle-ish, if not right in the middle at 6.5-7.5%. Now if you want to compare Individual income tax brackets, then yes we are the extreme at 9.9% - in the top three if I'm not mistaken.
God help us.
Mikhail Lebedev   I apoligize for playing around and I messed up the page of Mikhail Lebedev. The Afd page for it became slanderous and is potnetially ruining his reputation. Can you please delete some of the slandarous comments on the Afd page that can potentially ruin his reputation? Thanks.
They're not.
Yes, one could be a poster on this forum.
@jaspen7 haha them hoes only go hard when a nigga stooooned lol
STOP YOUR DAMN NONSENSE LUMINIFER!!!!!  YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING TO IMPROVE ANYTHING RELATED TO THESE ARTICLES!!! You continue to remove an official source which contradicts EVERYTHING you write!! RIGHT HERE http://www.flowertravellingband.com/english/biography/index.html READ IT!!!! WRITTEN IN BLOODY ENGLISH In 1971, the band signed with American Atlantic Records and Canadian GRT records released their second album “SATORI” in the U.S and Canada.Italic text and then you add sources to personal websites ect. STOP YOUR FUCKING RUBBISH!!!
I agree they are naive; not traitors, just rock stupid enablers
&#8220;@IdLikeToCare: @idpetition Wow, putting a whole manifesto up using TwitLonger.   And by a Canadian. Hey hoser....how many will you adopt?
Good luck dealing with NRCS. It's a slooooow process.
Why just any Asian?  Why not the specific race and subgroup of the original Hellboy whatever that was? In fact, why not just get rid of the so-called Asian character?  That should make everybody happy.  I'm just tired of people making race some important litmus test for everything.  It isn't.  I wouldn't object to an Asian American taking a former Caucasian role or any other role.
Making it open would actually get more support for Bernie.
Some think Trump could win. Most don't. Who knows. That's what is so great about elections. People decide by voting and no amount of media influence  or politics can control what box you and I check off. .   Can polls predict it? Usually. Control it? Never.
To the American media this is absolute proof that all white people are racist nazis
Im trying to come back as a fine ass bitch next lifetime....
Yes that makes a lot of sense...you know for someone who references Church teaching so much like myself...someone like that is also, it follows so well of course, very likely creating their own world with its own teaching!  Makes perfect sense.
If you want to get into semantics yes Capstone was a "program", a program to develop advanced navigation avionics.  ADS-B has been around for awhile and it's already being used by the commercial operators in rural Alaska, I believe the 2020 deadline is for all aircraft including private planes.  ADS-B is a separate program and less capable then Capstone was in 2006.  A lot of accidents would have been prevented over the last 11 years if Capstone had been fully implemented.
Great point...Great point...Great point...#MAGA
The only GOOD Pitbull, is a DEAD Pitbull.............
Unfortunately Obama arrived probably ten years too soon and he was black. For the bigots that became a rallying cry. He had all the attributes to become a great president. He was articulate, very intelligent and most of all, believably compassionate. One got the feeling that he really cared. He made us all believe in "Yes, we can".   Then again maybe he was the right president. If not for him, the world economy would have been in much worse shape today. Just think what would have happened if a Trump withdrew the US from the world in 2008.  Unfortunately, the Democrats lost the house early and that hobbled him. The disappointment of the unfulfilled promise and a poor candidate cost the Democrats the election and opened the way for the worst ever president of the US. He is not a conservative and neither are most of his supporters.  These people are not fighting liberalism, they are fighting the system, where corporations can take everything away from you, because China makes it cheaper.
RT @jazzy_luvvs_you: Chantel isn't a side hoe bc apparently she's lesbian. IM DONE WITH LIFE. All these months hating her for no reason.
"Why did they interview you?\r\n\r\nDid you commit suicide?"
It's been decided. There is no "right to know" in this case. Move on. Get out of people's business.
i hope you didn't vote him in the last election.  He is a con artist,  basically no different from  the Ontario Liberals.  Too bad many people just fell for his look, much like how Ontarians fell for Wynne's smile.  I suppose Canadians deserve what they chose.
RT @clurfogarty: All Babies are born hipsters because they come out of the hospital in beanies.
So, they were fools. However, that is the only case that reconciles all the conditions laid out by Ms. Lackritz. The two cars were overtaking the bicyclists, who were riding west in the eastbound lane. No other scenario reconciles all the details laid out by the witness.
when I hear some  relative of these idiots died, no pity is forthcoming
It's the guns fault right?
"Piper Harron, a temporary assistant professor in mathematics at UH Manoa, is African-American." Temporary being the keyword. How long do you think she will keep this temporary position?
Actually my comment was a dispassionate observation to your question regarding steps (forward, I'll assume). The point is that wherever the money is coming from, it could be used in a much more constructive way - specifically for the betterment of the first nations peoples not lawsuits. And would you actually like a link as to where funding comes from for first nations? But, I'll bet you can easily find that and even you know the answer.
It's hard to believe that these oil companies need subsidies to operate. Some business plan that is.
Insightful comments.  Yes, the republican leaders do not appear to have a self-consistent plan.  This is unfortunate.  Unfortunately, the democrats have a plan, but it is a not a good plan.  Democrats, IMHO, wish to create a placid underclass comprising 90 or so percent of the American population sustained by handouts providing a minimal standard of living while the other 10 percent, of course including democratic leaders, revel in wealth created on the backs of the poor (but pacified) masses.  Perhaps it is time for we the people to band together and create a new party having a vision of America where work and creativity is rewarded, but basic needs are met as well.  There would have to be fewer rich people and rewards for work would involve things like community respect rather than massive dollars.  Thank you Mr. Brooks.
Bigger is better.  They are buying for the utility.
Who twisting the facts? There have been more powerful hurricanes, and Irma is the seventh most powerful hurricane to hit Florida. And that's a fact.
How will making housing harder to buy for ordinary Canadians ease the housing crunch?   If you have fewer people able to afford a house due to higher mortgage qualifications, there will be fewer units sold, therefore builders will stop building as demand dwindles.  Less supply ultimately equals higher prices, but only being paid by the few who meet the new threshold.    And the newly disqualified would-be buyers don't evaporate.  They fulfill their housing needs by renting; exacerbating the rental shortage and driving rents higher.  The current rate of mortgage arrears in Canada is 0.28% - this is fixing a problem we don't have.  But if you want to further divide the country in housing-haves, and housing-havenots, this is the way to do it.  For Toronto and Vancouver, limit foreign buyers.  Make it easier to build more and more units.  Make it easier for qualified Canadians to own their own homes.  A couple thousand empty units begging for buyers will bring prices down.
I can't trust a bitch &#128175;
It's the classic older versus younger generational conflict that has been going on for ages.
"It is all predictable, how much crap and lies can the American people take from Trump and the Republicans before they snap"  Surely, you jest. If lies from politicians are the catalyst to make Americans "snap" we would be constantly flipping that switch. Yep-that's right - from both sides of the aisle.
Don't anger a liberal with facts!
One of the most abhorrent things coming from this guys “Christian” supporters is that the Bible supports sexual abuse of underage children by way of the example of the Virgin Mary and Joseph and therefore the word of God supports Moore.  This is a breaking of the 10 Commandments— according to Paul, the most important being the use of God’s name in vane which constitutes a profound disrespect of God. According to Paul, God’s punishment for those using God’s name in vane to minister for their own causes is to turn them into lusting persons including homosexuals that will face further punishment beyond that.
The media have become the real joke.
Actually the ANC hasn't made a single proper attempt to get rid of him because they are all part of the feeding frenzy...don't forget that the same ANC  gets funding from tender money.  They are all rotten.   If the future is not post-ANC then it really looks bleak for the rest of us
No one is saying this was not terrorism. No one. No on is saying it "was not a Muslim."   They are saying "give us a f***ing minute to get the facts straight before we have vigilante s**t-for-brains running around going after arab peoples."   I detest your impish, partisan, shortsighted garbage.
Governor Walker recently reduced the penalty for stealing a jet ski from 1 year in prison to 30 days. Regardless, what do you think the police should be doing to find your jet ski that they aren't doing?
I like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too &#128525;&#128525;&#128536; hay stunna http://t.co/rN0vRZfL6l
And you want single payer health care??  Privatize the TSA. Anyway, I have TSA pre-check, what a great thing!  Just came through the NW and there was a 30 minute wait for TSA and no wait at pre-check
Very interesting comment. I recall Zorba, but had to google to recapture the context of the dance scene which has stayed with me. It "worked for Zorba", it seems, in response to Zorba's bewailing his "loss of madness". Curious. This "passion", of the dance is/was a scary, sinful dimension of Church's problem with the "dance". And remember, the Zorba scene was two men as well. In some areas of Scottish settlers in this country,  the "fiddle" and thus fiddle music was outlawed by the church. People were forbidden to have a fiddle. Strategically, one would often be turned over for destruction, another hidden in the attic.  The passion of the dance - sexual or otherwise, was seen to be the entryway for the devil, sin, it seems.
I think you're insane.
Arithmetic is math, and a solid foundation of basic math skills (addition, multiplication, etc) is required for it.  I'm a programmer with a math and computer science degree and I use less math in my job than your average tradesman.
I think everyone should carefully read the following: http://www.politicususa.com/2016/08/01/fox-hilariously-asks-benghazi-covered-khan-speech.html Nobody from Fox News is in any position to complain about coverage of Patricia Smith's speech, since they didn't air it themselves. Lies from Fox News are like death and taxes. They’re inevitable. So when Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade say that an RNC speech from Patricia Smith, whose son was killed in the Benghazi attack was not covered by any networks, but everybody covered Khizr Khan’s, you have to look at the facts. Media Matters for America has pointed out, 1) Fox News is the ONLY network to NOT cover Patrica Smith’s speech; and,  2) EVERY network BUT Fox News covered Khizl Khan’s speech. So nobody from Fox News is in any position to complain about coverage of Patricia Smith’s speech, since they didn’t air it themselves. In fact, both speeches were equally covered because in each case, Fox News was notable by its absence.
I'll bet the new love of her life can list off every mistake she has made since they have been together. The guy is a jerk.
how usual it is for a brain washed sheep of stupid to beleive the nonsense scam of mans carbon which has not been proven a hick up to be doing anything on temps! sad but typical of the ndp supporting losers
Or a Peanut Farmer....
RT @Jojo_51213: What was that you tweeted? I can't concentrate enough to read it over all your sad-looking boob and pussy pics.  -men, prob&#8230;
&#8220;@ResiDinero: "@jenny_dalli: @ResiDinero I threw them hoes away" you also just threw yo life away&#8221;bruhhh &#128557;&#128557;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
Love the man's hit recordings, starting with Gentle On My Mind. The documentary on his mental decline is both painful and poignant.  My favourite Campbell hit: Galveston.  That voice!  But much more.  According to the song's writer Jim Webb, Campbell did more than just sing the lyrics.  Said Webb a few years ago: "Glen was very, very good at commercializing my songs. He could come up with great intros and great solos, great breaks, and he wrote perfect strings..."  Campbell may have had a hand in the outstanding musical arrangement of this particular hit. After Campbell stops singing the orchestra--and that great guitar--go on for at least another 30 seconds. The hit is regarded as an anti-war protest song, but Webb insisted it was just the story of man who just wanted to go back home. The "I still hear your sea waves crashing" lyrics were changed. Originally, the verse was:  "Wonder if she could forget me "I'd go home if they would let me "Put down this gun "And go to Galveston."
Pipelines and utilities (continued)... As the author pointed out, a bond investor might not be able to handle the volatility of equities in general. At least historically, and one can go back much further in time than this ~ 14 year study, an investment in these two areas has been much less volatile than the overall market's volatility (look at both best and worst years), has provided investors with much less risk of loss of capital (see both losing periods and largest decline) and got them back to a new high in the value of their portfolio in a far shorter period of time (see time to breakeven.) This approach will not be for everyone. But for me at least, the odds of achieving above returns while at the same time taking below average risk over the long term (decades) are without doubt in my favour. And decidedly better than owning bonds.
@RHook220 @ohwait_itsKate @EjPeruski5634 pussy x3
Too violent!? It says this series was cancelled for being too violent according to the stupid PTA.  Was the dub edited?  I have been watching this on Toonami, and I don't see how it could possibly be too violent especially in Japan.
Years ago a local PhD spoke at Tsunami Books RE 25 years owning forest land: per his calc he made more $ sustainably thinning than if he had clearcut!  He drafted Forest Care deed restrictions. He had maps of properties, knew which birds and animals visited what times of the year and created watering systems to establish edibles i.e., elderberries. A logger to love.     _but most of them don’t really have much impact other than aesthetic..._  Many seeing logging in all 4 directions in past decades noticed that after huge stands of trees were logged at one time, hillsides start filling in creeks, rivers. Rises in waterway beds caused not only flooding on private, public properties but also severe mudslides.   Another point: near Blue River on Hwy 126 was a clearcut; the next year, dozens of trees on an adjacent property blew down.  Read Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World by Stamets, former logger. Forest floor is as important as  tree canopy to preserve web of life.
In Hopes of Recruiting More Women, ISIS Opens Jihadi Finishing School http://t.co/nMua12yr2W http://t.co/qi1YqNmemw
None issue. You can't control after the fact. If you decide you are in the arms business then this is part of the territory. I hear gun manufacturers are now monitoring how their goods are used and if not used properly, they threaten to stop manufacturing them.
Trudeau is not interested in protecting the environment.  He is interested in an ever-increasing and very broadly applied tax.  tax. tax. tax.    I long ago recognized the man lacks any sense of credibility, but for others, I ask:  if this was designed to protect the environment and not as a tax source ,why did he not guarantee a complete offset of C emissions taxes with reduced income taxes?  Because he only cares about taxes.
"   Oh and as far as ""not in line at all with how things are done"", that's pure horse shit and you know it. Disambiguation pages are a dime a dozen, and since you are so hell-bent on insisting that folklore and fiction are completely separate, we might as well turn Vampire into a disambig page and let you have your own little playground to fuck up. "
Face it, there is a profound dearth of fresh ideas and fresh thinking from the Democratic party. To try and shift the narrative to suggest that my comment is some form of ageism or bigotry is laughable.  I stand by my comment to reject tired old party stalwarts from yesteryear. Democrats lack fresh ideas and fresh thinking. Nostalgia for past glory days of the Kennedy's, or even Biden from the Obama years, will not turn the clock back towards a perceived notion of halcyon days from the past.   Unfortunately for the Democratic party, there is no fresh thinking, there are no fresh ideas, and perhaps most troubling, there is no fresh blood (i.e. younger candidates) who can be mentored by the old guard. Just look at the current faces of the Democrats. Most of them are in their 60s, 70s and 80s.   Continuing to deny this fact, especially with bogus claims of ageism and bigotry, will only guarantee Republican victories in the years to come. Talk about an out of touch elite. Sheesh !!
Old news; she was rightfully fired today.
"FUCK ALL HEAT HATERS.YALL CAN SUCK MY DICK , I GOT NOTHING AGAINST OKC BUT FUCK EM TOOO !! WE WINNING THIS YEAR WADE COUNTY KING JAMES BITCHES , 305"
...the peer pressure, the darn peer pressure of all these must have life stylers...
I would have thought that most judges would demand that the idiots give up the dogs versus de-barking them.
Major cities like Vancouver & Toronto have to reinvent themselves or die.  If the majority of good jobs are down town, how can people efficiently get to work and have  affordable housing that people actually want to live in? How can companies attract top talent?  Move the jobs to the edge of cities or to smaller cities OR radically expand mass transit.  In the case of Toronto & Vancouver, the city is hemmed in by lake, ocean, river, and mountains compounding problems & solutions.   In the meantime, the law of supply & demand makes for house prices that no one can afford. I. e An obsolete city.  A large Toronto realtor was on TV yesterday and said that foreign buyers make up a small amount of his market. In the meantime, the politicians take the easy route and blame the bogey man and reinstitute the head tax/foreign buyer tax.
This is an administration with balls. Do you think Obama or Biden would have gone to the Korean peninsula the day of Missile or Nuclear test?
'Get Back to Basics' I'm pretty sure the coaches haven't left teaching them, therefore i suspect it's the the players football IQ that is suffering.
"""I want to be a fuck you."" That's a song.  Open Proxy! Yes! "
There was a gofundme page set up, but it was not entirely accurate for one reason or another. It spoke of how he was dragged down the road by the leash, which now seems as if it were a complete lie. Also people were complaining about how the driver did not stop and honestly, would that be a wise idea? If the crowd posting replies to the first article about this were present that driver would been right in driving away in fear for his life.
But that was the newly forming state response to a foreign authority. I don't care for what I hear  from Patriots and Sagebrush Rebellion people. No government is perfect but if the gun people try to over through ours, only chaos will ensue.
RT @shikeattike: When the neighborhood freak throw you some pussy and you don't catch it http://t.co/koLoObmVfa
RT @cuposyrup: What females do on twitter:  1. Brag bout loyalty  2. Call other females hoes 3. Song lyrics 4. Complain bout cramps 5. Twee&#8230;
Aye we all needa keep are heads up high who cares if we lost we all went and tried our best &amp;south is a bunch of trash talking pussys ! -.-
They_are_personally_asexual_and_want_their_feelings_to_be_everyone's
But how else are the republics going to scare the masses who clearly don't understand that it's not an entitlement if you pay in.  That group of easily swayed fools falls for will's kind of speech over and over again.
He attacked Obama endlessly about golfing.  So far Trump has only worked mon-fri and has golfed two of the four weekends since taking office.  Reporting reality is not petty.  It amazes me how thin skinned Trumpers are after all the attacks they have lobbed at the left.
"The best description I've ever heard about the industry decision-making process was nearly a decade ago from an executive who told lawmakers that investment decisions are based on a "combination of strategy, resource prospects, technology, economics, including fiscal policy and risk."    That is the REAL "order of importance" fellow Alaskans, to get the leaseholders to do what they are supposed to do anyway under their leases, as Pedro VanMeurs implied to us years ago ( that production taxes are NOT nearly as important to the cartel and it`s lackeys as the first "measures" of value, as quoted above by that "oil executive" ).
mr_guy, I didn't refer to it as practical. I certainly wouldn't buy an EV today. I still think that hydrogen was the better way to go.
Niggas be like when they see they side bitch cashin another nigga "@MikeDiggEm: Hello mutha fucka......."
I totally agree with your sentiments (except for the part about snow camping), but why do you call the PDN an echo chamber?
"The earlier [young people] begin to use it, the more frequently they use it and the higher the potency of what they use can all have very adverse effects on their health but also on their social outcomes."  Sounds like medicine to me.
I wonder why Senator Dan didn't get invited?
Another lie from a parasite writer for the fake lying news.
Chomsky playing the benevolent philosopher is a shill for communist aggression playing down Antifas history of violence and fascist intolerance of any who oppose.  Yes they are suicidal but serve a purpose for Soros and Islams conquering of the infidels he mentors. Useful idiots transferring the free world to Islam . SJW pawns ,Hate mongers mimicking Islams destruction of society and return tyranny
No, it actually doesn't. The Canadian government doesn't OWN Bombadier. Considering the interdependent nature of the Canadian economy I would imagine that Canadian citizens don't own even the majority of a company like Bombadier.  But think of it this way. If a Canadian goes to a country where cocaine use is legal, can the Canadian government press criminal charges against him for using cocaine? No, the Canadian legal authority ends at its border.   Now there are many countries that have made agreements with Canada that they will work together to prosecute crimes that both countries have agreed upon. (And BTW this is ALL that is considered international law). But this requires an agreement, and I presume that in all the instances above there are no such bi-lateral legal agreements.
RT @DrunkyStory: "1st time eating pussy, I thought I was supposed to literally eat it so I ended up biting her clit really hard. We havent &#8230;
It apples to oranges comparing health care insurance to car insurance but the term 'insurance' is confusing the dialog.  Most of the time you buy insurance BEFORE you have a problem.  Imagine if you could buy car insurance with a 'pre-existing' condition.  It makes no sense and destroys any reasonable business model upon which insurance is based.  Therefor, drop the word insurance from the health care dialog.  It is not insurance or insurance coverage that is going to fix this debacle.  Removing personal responsibility from the equation (smoking, obesity caused by over eating, drug use/abuse, risky behaviors) also is opposite of traditional insurance coverage.  Then factor in genetics and you have a complicated mess.  Insuring people all the same and at the same cost on such and uneven playing field and wide range of parity among the players has already been and will continue to be a disaster. Universal health care is not the answer. I wish I knew what the answer was.
Declining several hundreds of thousands of dollars in equity to satisfy your own intolerance and racism was your best move ever?    Good riddance is right.
Double your pleasure, double your fun, with double the dividend for everyone. Remember all those hard working non-residents in Alaska who don't spend any of that hard earned money in Alaska. Pass the tax.
What is their "fair" share?
Mass media is controlled by an Anglo-American kleptocracy and they are controlling the message to protect the Establishment elites.
I feel a little embarrassed for Kevin - mostly because he doesn't seem capable of being embarrassed for himself no matter how dull witted he consistently proves himself to be. Frankly I don't think he gives a darn about winning - this is all about him and his brand promotion. Smart? Well he's not well educated  we know that. The basics of how Canadian democracy and government worked should of been a focus of his for at least 15 minutes on one of his oh so many flights. Nope, the best thing that could happen to the Liberals is that they face Kevin on the opposite side of the House.
Or climb a ladder to kiss a snail's arse.
http://t.co/ARKGfY02pT&#8221;girl cheeks gone be cold than a bitch
Unless you have lived on a reserve in Canada among the First Nations or know people of the First Nations, we have no right to inflict our judgement.
You're lying of course, but that's what you do here.  The media is not driving the anti-Trump narrative.  The American people are.  Because Trump is a total failure as President, and he's also a Nazi sympathizer.  No one needs the media to see that.  Trump makes it very easy to hate him.  He's a loathsome piece of garbage, and always has been.
Wow.  After reading all these "Canadians" defending Le Pen, I'm sure glad I'm not Jewish.  Apparently, she is just wonderful and can do no wrong.  Things are getting very scary around here.
&#8220;@BEARly_sober Hoes really do b birds man &#128557;&#8221;this new to you?
Totally agree, especially the segways!  Last time I was in Waikiki, I was walking in the opposite direction and a train of tourists on segways approached, so I stepped to the side.  The, the last guy apparently was not good at controlling the device, so he came straight at me and the handlebar clipped my shoulder as he went past.  He yells, "LOOK OUT!" as if it was my fault.  I wanted to run after him and pull him off backwards, but my more level headed wife said to let it go.
108 and counting...with a ton of distraction and baloney about Hillary, but not one serious challenge to the FBI, CIA, Trump's terror advisor or any of the other official, US gov't. source saying Russia interfered.  And anyone who doesn't understand how serious it is hasn't the slightest clue about how America works and what voting means to our democratic system.  I'm amazed at the ignorance.  And not one credible shred of fact backing up Trump's allegation of 3 to 5 million illegal voted.  Not a single fact.  And nothing at all about the sheer, brazen, shameful, dishonest, disgusting hypocrisy of Trump's Made in America.....
@triple6em96 @Hunglikerobby_ @bbluedreamm I don't look like white trash. I'm not pregnant and 17 gtfo. I have hella gas so say something.
Like who could not figure that Bernie was going to win Oregon--it was pretty obvious without polling or registrations.
It's a lot of Uncle Tom ass niggas out here.
HA HA HA most people knew he was the village idiot now he has proven he is the country's idiot he should be removed
Could you show us a link?  I haven't seen many (or perhaps any) comments here that blame the attack on the people who were injured in this attack.  However, I have seen several comments here that blame the other attacks of innocent victims in Manchester,etc on NATO, as if that justifies the murders of bystanders and concert goers.  Why are you not calling them out as well?
Lets not blame anything on 25 years of the Rap Music Thug Criminal Culture that has been exported all over the world with massive youth crime following in it's foot steps.  Let's never talk about that.  After all Music "artist" and record company moguls have made billions and that is all that seems to matter.
as if being a Nazi in private is any better.....still the same ignorance and stupidity.
What are these schmuck's races? Please give me a spreadsheet describing different types of felonies, races of victims and abusers, rate of incarcerations. I like help the weak protect themselves.
Canada will win easily - we did before under almost exactly the same circumstances
Janey, Is there a market for black market beer for those that don't home brew or want to pay the high cost of government taxed and regulated beer?
.   Last words heard in the tunnel:  "Re-calculating"  .
But, but, but  UR sed he wuz gone to the Red Socks....like 100 times UR sed that
" I am fairly sure I saw ""straw man"" in the sources for Beck v Eiland-Hall. I also do not recall seeing ""loaded question"" ever. I poked around over there but it is not mentioned. A good fix might be a parody of  ""Beck's very rhetorical style"" which is used on the other article with sources.  "
So The Globe, after years of left wing conditioning, slanted reporting, biased editorials, deletion of contrary comments NOT in violation of terms suddenly, CONVENIENTLY, says.......wahhhhh, happened????  Let's blame the government for taking the direction we demanded? Promoted? Falsified?    Sad, really sad.  You editorialists are truly sick people.
Fucking Moron.
There is an obvious need to shake up this massively inefficient sector and ancient retailing model. I applaud big money companies like Amazon to fight these critical battles and who will ultimately make our lives easier and more efficient.  Imagine we had some sort of representative body of, lets say, elected officials, who would fight these obvious battles for the betterment of the people.. maybe we could even call it a 'government'....
Sure, let crazy Kim Jong Un know that South Korea is ripe for the picking and he can just march in and take over. He'd love to steal the prosperity of the South to buy more centrifuges and missles.   He is impoverished because he has put his entire national budget into weapons of war while starving his people.   Kim a Child of God?  I think that goes way beyond naivete.
"Boy, the US is short on justice and morality." says??....Oh, you. Sounds more like judges who are willing to uphold the rule of law - you know, that pesky little thing that always gets in the way.
I could care less if he left. He's a puppet.
The misguided Liberals are determined to ethnify the country, but people of European heritage will always be top tier. The ethnics and their supporters can whine all they want about the supposed injustice behind white supremacy, but that won't change the natural order of affairs
With all that is online, on television and even around kids in our communities .. abuse doesn't necessarily mean abused anymore. Many many influences in these kids lives these days aside from family. The question is, will this end right here with her, instead of being just another event in what becomes a repeating cycle. That is on us to make sure it does, but will we?
Why would China build roads made of silk- that is a very expensive commodity ! and belts--everybody has a belt already in a very saturated market. How about an elevated rail network going all around the world at a cost of 8 trillion dollars to deliver leather roads and silk belts ? Now that could work ! Can I buy into the stock now- I have a whole bunch of Confederate bonds. Will China export its smog and water pollution too ?
This crowd funding is getting ridiculous.  These kinds of things are a mockery.  Grow up & fight your own battles kid.
Maybe post links, instead of just posting that "republicans voted against these". Guaranteed more than a few Democrats voted against it. If I'm wrong, post proof, if not, well then it's just your opinion.
The site of Brandon and the path of CPR railway line was shifted (in its infancy ? 1881) by a nasty season of flooding...possibly the worst on record. Speculators of (railway)  land lost a ton of $$
I do not agree. I do not think it would be successful.    Why not allow Powerball and Mega Millions to be sold in Alaska and use the profits from those lotteries?  Many states fund education via those lottery sales.
@deadgrl_666 she can just fuckin call the venue about it and they'll cancel the lost tickets and reprint new ones what a dumb bitch
And there's the co-post of the day.
The headline uses the phrase "Valley of the Bros".  Wow.  Is the writer somehow unaware that it is searingly offensive to use the word "Bros" when writing against men?  Look, men when talking among one another are free to use the word "bros" if that is how they want to refer to one another, just as black folks in America, when they talk to one another, are free to use the "N" word if that is how they want to refer to one another (and they frequently do, it is a commonly embraced term).  But look, writer, get out of my face when you try to use those words pejoratively, as an outsider who is not a member of that group. It is offensive and bigoted and does not help with the argument you try to make.  In case you are somehow unaware, there was a reason black folks in America bristled in outrage when Justin Bieber used the "N" word in one of his sentences.  Get out of my face with your put-down slur.
Ask someone for help in understanding basic concepts.
Trump is a loudmouth buffoon that spews garbage every time he opens his mouth...still a much better choice than the Clinton family. It's sad what this country has come to.
Trump and Puting, two peas in the fascist pod as they move to impose absolute dictatorship over Europe, the Middle East, and North and South America, all the while cheered on by their gullible, racist, bigoted, mysogynist followers.  Former wild-eyed conservatives raging about One World Government, Russian Red Hordes, liberals, leftists, progressives, etc. now proving their real agenda:  Joining with the now Capitalist Russia ruled by a KGB agent in complete lockstep with the new U.S. ultimate Capitalist tax dodger, bankruptcy operater, Il Duce Trump to finally form the Empire Hitler and Mussolini tried to create.  All of it done without firing a shot other than the Bytes blasted into the internet through the millennial technology.  Sieg Heil!
Good idea except that isn't how it works.  As it is less than half of wage earners pay a federal income tax.  And since the proposed state income tax is based on a percentage of the federal income tax PAID the end result is that fewer than 50% of Alaskan wage earners would be taxed even though they benefit "from the largess of government".  How is that "fair share"?
Wow are you really that ignorant?
Further illustrating my point. The rate at which Trump lies and back peddles is phenomenal. He's going to build a wall, and make Mexico pay for it? He is going to offer healthcare for everyone. He is going to bring manufacturing jobs back to the US. He thinks using nuclear weapons is an option to advance our national interests. Really? How? No one knows - especially not Trump. His record to date with his scam business deals isn't promising. But he does have a record of failed intimidation lawsuits.  I didn't say you were stupid -- don't know you from squat. Did say this, that ultra conservative BS is stupid, and those that buy into it are too (beyond belief actually). They peddle doublespeak, failed ideas, and misery. They claim to be for rights and freedom -- but as it turns out, only when these rights and freedoms benefit them, or are things they have been conditioned to believe (climate change -- really -- scientists not oil companies are trying to screw us over -- yeah, right).
Time to just cut the damn cord and be done with the fool of an ex-Chief of Police and make him and the wife pay for their own legal fee's out of their own pocket and not resort to sucking on the financial teats of the tax payers of O'ahu!
So this person I guess had enough money to pay her international tuition fees for a master's degree (not cheap), and afford a down payment without an issue, and also get a mortgage and pay the extra tax amount with no problems. I wonder how many Canadian Master's degree graduates can do that...hmmm must be nice
==Go Fuck yourself.  Wikipedia is a scar on society.==  Faggot.
Back to law practice? Lord help his clients!
Sanders has balls unlike Treyson Goowdy.The Gowdy is a blow hard, has done nothing.What a loser
Are you cracy you sick nigger? I am from the region, and I am actually of Turkish descent and consider berbers bedouins, and poor exotic wretches but they are at least white. How dare you, filthy nigger, presume to know about the region's history? I suggest you visit for a good lynching. Nigger!
Yes, another division of the ever growing SJW industry..
yea you missed the point. whoosh
No one will miss that watered down substance. ha ha.
Here it is July and still waiting for CarGo to get going.  Never thought I'd see that.
"@A7XDemery: I'm a fucking fag they said"
The EA Prayer   Dear lord, please let EA not fuck this one up, like they fucked up Renegade and Generals... amen.
"  Well, an awful lot of people disagree with you, many if not most of whom are Irish and live in Ireland. There are, additionally, very many sources which refer to ""the British Isles and Ireland"" so it makes one wonder about why certain editors here are so keen to assert that there is no dispute about what constitutes this ""British Isles"" entity (if it can be called that) when there clearly is a great deal of dispute about it.   "
A coward who's goes by "Another Commenter for Hire" said of my post: "Amazing. You seem to have grown up in a different village every time you tell the story... if you tell the truth you…" and I didn't bother further.This is my response.   This is via Lisa Bloom, civil rights attorney, and white person.   "In our nation’s history, so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites. Yet no matter how sadistic the crime, no matter how young the victims, no matter how much fear is engendered in a community, no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender, the race itself is never sullied."   Lisa Bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children. 85-percent in Latin America, she says.  Lisa Bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country (America) are white men. And last, white women are known for killing their children.  I use my real name here.
And the Dumbs will commence obstructing. Go Dumbs! Never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake.
It's not just the carbon taxes, it's the whole Liberal tax package, including marginal rates over 50%, higher payroll taxes, and potentially higher taxes on small business and investors.  They are even still considering taxing employer sponsored health benefits.  Overall, it's the complete opposite to what the U.S. is planning from a taxation perspective, and we could pay dearly in terms of jobs and GDP for that disparity.
I'll have the 'nothingburger'....and 'two documents locked in a safe'....
RT @TheRealCoolie: How many hoes do I have ?  &#12288; Z &#12288;&#12288; E &#12288;&#12288;&#12288; R &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288; O &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288;o &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288; o &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288;o &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;&#12288; &#12290; &#12288;&#12288;&#12288; &#12290; &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;. &#12288;&#12288;&#12288;.
Can we just try not to make this political, and deal with what's at hand?  (Advice for both sides.)
Dunno.   Given the record of recidivism through our legal/incarceration system, it could be argued that system makes people worse and not better.
I must ask, were there penalty clauses in the contract? And if not, why not? When we are late, in my field, penalties for being late can easily run at $10, 000/h. Why was the contract untendered? The litigation process will go into millions for Metrolinx and the City of Toronto. Perhaps we should put tolls on the Lakeshore  Blvd. to pay for the legal fees.
RT @leek_porter21: &#8220;@_1MDot: I hate a always wanna smoke but aint got no money as nigga/bitch like bye falisha&#8221;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
True but these good intentions will be offset if higher operating expenses either add to the tax burden or lead to fees that make driving a reasonable alternative. New feeders lines that lead into the already over burdened Bloor/Yonge and St. George stations is bad planning.
If you take this one-sided, incomplete stat as gospel, you don't have a full grasp on the entirety of the situation. Do you know how hard it is to get an opiate script these days? Ask anyone who's tried to, for their pains. They will tell you that doctors are very careful about prescribing them now. One must have a clearly documented, chronic, or acute need to obtain them in AK. Believe me, doctors are scared to give them out now.
RT @CallHerEbby: It's a girl out there who let Russ pay her for her pussy and never has to see him again, meanwhile I read this nigga tweet&#8230;
Give me a break. You are another rightie hypocrite
Clearly, a legit neologism:  Here is one source that gives a definition and shows notability: What is a polyfill?  Here is a library that applies a polyfill for browsers that do not support all HTML5 features:  Webshim lin  I have come across the term in passing through several web development books.  )
pussy bitch. delete things
And we need taxpayers to pay for it!
" Can you start a new thread so I don't have to go back between both of you and point out what's wrong with your respective arguments? Furthermore, are you referring to paper audit trails counted only upon a recount or paper ballots that are actually counted?  And for the billionth time, not only is there no proof that any electronic election has been tampered with, there can't be any evidence because electronic voting machines have little to none auditing mechanisms and serious security flaws.  Thus, there isn't any evidence that any electronic evidence was conducted without any manipulation.  This is what paper trails help to accomplish, and is far from a ""Democratic talking point,"" it's just common sense.  "
man u piece of shit   u piece of shit,u fucki9ng 6 yr old don't evn hav a brainm.john cena can wrestle,u bitch.didn't u c him wrestle?he's a wrestler,ps. 1.noone likes you 2.noone understands you 3.you insult our favourite wrestler bitch. your gonna get blockd from editing right now,got it!!!!
#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HomeMade | Home made. My wife rubbing her pussy http://t.co/ldb9aFwVdM
And the next arrogant, self-entitled generation of ugly Americans rears its empty head.  You've made us proud, guys.  Not.
Amgad wrote such a powerful description of a portrait of the US and what it, by its Constitution has hoped to be. I, with him pray we citizens and those who come to be part of us, never are disappointed in the reality of the values we are given in this precious document.
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
Canada cannot pass a bilateral anti money laundering review by a world wide regulator (FINCEN) and yet Trudeau wants to sit on the UN Security Council?  Now he is facilitating money laundering to the Chinese?  He really is as dumb as they say.
pictures...are they and the caption correct?
That statement was in the state voter pamphlet in 1976 and is the reason we created the Permanent Fund back then when I voted for it.  And yes, we called it “Our Rainy Day Account” then!
No point in buying rust protection then. You will end up spending 1500 or so if you keep the vehicle 10 years, and in 10 y ears, that vehicle will be worthless anyway. Try collection from the rust proofing company...lots of loopholes.  Modern cars do not need this kind of rustproofing.
More people killed annually in U.S. from accidental gunshot by children under 10 than in all history of U.S. by Muslim terrorists from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen combined.   Maybe they should bar all children under 10 from entering the U.S.?
"You'll do well then. The Orange Clown will keep us laughing at his ineptness for months,..."  ----------  Actually TDM, you have been one of the BEST for laughs.  Seriously...remember your "the stock market is falling, the world is ending" non-stop posts after the Brexit vote?  OMG...I was killing myself laughing.  And I'm laughing even harder today.
Here's an idea - let's take Wynne to task for this - for doing such a thing  Let's vote Brown in instead who will implement a proper revenue neutral carbon tax similar to BC  NONE OF THIS btw has anything to do with Wall's legal argument
@abbey_kuck I just whooped your ass why you turnin pussy
Probably lived here longer than you have. The real Alaskan's did perfectly fine before the PFD was invented and it was a hell of a better place to live! The PFD is just another government hand out.
Some yahoo posting here, definitely NOT a Canadian, is slathering and drooling at the thought of having one of the US Tridents launch some missiles at NK. The problem with that thinking is that when the first missile cleared the water, we would be instantly involved in WW 3, and I seriously doubt the sub would make it much further than a few dozen kilometres before it was destroyed. Go on trumpf. DO IT. I DOUBLE DARE YOU. You idiot.
Small businesses that have taken advantage of these loopholes to pay less taxes than they otherwise would have if the income was taxed outside of their corporation, will indeed be shaken. Are taxes too high? Yes they are. But that is no excuse for having some tax payers paying less than others because of loopholes. Some argue small business owners deserve a tax break because of the risks they take, relative to salaried employees. That may have been true once, but the world of salaried employment, unless you are a civil servant, is risky indeed, in terms of stability. The government should continue to close loop holes on things like dividends and capital gains. The greater focus for the taxpayer should be on the spending side, reigning in the pay of grossly overcompensated civil servants.
@YBEToot I like tweeting you like this. .. wen yu aint talking to all yo hoes!!! I be like...... ill wait.
If the King had gotten another 'chosen one' to fill that vacant seat it would have ended much different.
or since when is it insulting? Is it a bad thing?
Gave you a funny, Work Farce and I mean it in the best possible way: "A government sanctioned humor program..."  right out of Saturday Night Live.  I can see it now...  Anyway, sobering thoughts otherwise, especially about "since 9/11 newspapers have cancelled..."  One of the reasons, I suspect, is because a lot of soapbox orators and pulpit thumpers (both for the "religions" of left AND right) have no sense of humour.  Satire?  What's that?  They wouldn't recognize it when they heard, saw or read it.    The proof?  Do a quick scan of almost all the comments in reaction to a column ostensibly about using humour to defeat racism, etc.  Wow.  The page reads like a National Lampoon piece.  Unreal.
and at the liberals they are the crooks doing the scams.
"The risk is part of the thrill. I can't think of any other sport that could have coined the term 'bark tattoo.'"   You may have been watching too many Mountain Dew commercials.  Not everyone is out there to ride fast or jump.  If it's horseback riding, you might get a horse-shoe tattoo (and it rhymes too!).  Why do you even go outside?  Is there risk in it?  Is there risk in any outdoor activity?  Absolutely.  So it's about how we mitigate the risk, with grade reversals, constraining the riders to specific areas/trails, offering skills/advanced trails that are better built/designed that will prevent them from seeking out the same on un-designated or illegally-built trails, and so on.  For some reason, you seem to be stuck on the idea that mountain bikers can not mitigate their risks, whether from bears or just riding in general.
You mean the 15 million worthless, lazy, entitled, idiot scumbags who will drop their insurance and force hospitals and other caregivers stick their bill to the rest of us?
"So what's to be gained from worrying?"  Answer - a career as a financial commentator.....
Putin can suck a pacifier. We definitely need to call him out. Trumps "buddy" wants him in the big chair, because he is easily influenced and ignorant of foreign policies. With Trump, we'll be speaking Russian before his first year is over...
What's your really name Craig?
&#8220;@tabatha__b: Never worried about the next bitch. Always worryin about the next meal. I'm tryna fuckin eat, fuck what you talkin bout&#8221; &#128525;&#128175;&#128175;
RT @leticiamvrie: Duh bitch
Please correct the spelling of the name of long-time local acting treasure G. Valmont Thomas. Thank you.
Sad part is he's serious.
Deep ecology is all about starving the poor.
I like the protest signs, again.
RT @consprcy_carrot: Blow shit up and get fatter. White trash love this holiday.
GAY.....   I THINK YOUR REALLY REALLY GAY AND YOU PROBABLY SUCK DICK FIND SOMETHING BETTER TO DO OTHER THAN BEING A FAG AND FIXING WIKIPEDIA PAGES.... AND BY SAYING YOUR GONNA BLOCK ME FROM EDITING DOESNT REALLY DO MUCH FOR YOU OR ME NOW DOES IT.... ITS NOT LIKE I CAN GO TO JAIL
The accountability act was only part of it NTA. He also introduced 3 new watchdogs and the PBO.. Democracy Watch (no fan of the CPC) applauded the moves as changes that were needed since the 80s  Does it count as promises kept? Absolutely.
He should not be allowed back in that country or the entire continent, he needs to go back to europe.
And then, does it follow that no more "made in China" leads to "no more hold US Treasuries" in an effort to boost cash supplies zai Zhongguo?   And then,...?  There are bound to be people in Trump's cabinet who, looking in their crystal balls,  can see where this leads.
The good professor loves playing the victim card. What a disgusting man. He can use whatever language he chooses. I have reserve the right to call him and idiot, and a bigot.
I would think anyone who voted for Trump must be feeling kind of foolish about now.  And if they don't, they are really not paying attention.
I 'm surprised that on national television they let to be broadcast such a politically incorrect video .
In the good old days -- before most Alaskans were here -- mothers used to care primarily for.. their offspring. Like clean air, responsible governments, and intelligent voters: those days are long behind us.
When you have State Gov's like Fla's Rick Scott who absolutely deny global warming, forbid state employees from using the terms, forbid any studying of the absolute fact that sea level is rising and affecting Fla's fresh water table, as well as important beach front real estate, then yes, you have citizens suffering, being injured, by this denial.
The dogs were nicknamed King Charles' Cavalier because they follwed him everywhere he went. That is also why they are still allowed in public places. Cavalier - horse mounted soldier, is the true meaning of the word, but they don't ride alone. [A. James, Feb. 2007]
When I call bitch, you come.
go blow your bitch GabrielF =
Dr. Carson has a wealth of experience in urban ghetto environments, since he grew up in Detroit and talks about having to buy groceries with foodstamps and being embarrassed about it.  His first pair of glasses were free and enabled him to see the chalkboard so he could participate in the classroom, and he eventually pulled himself up by his bootstraps to become a very successful Neurosurgeon.  He knows from personal experience what's wrong with the system and how it can be improved.     He's a great choice for leading Housing and Urban Development.
"   The Wikipedia Signpost: 21 September 2009    From the editor: Call for opinion pieces  News and notes: Footnotes updated, WMF office and jobs, Strategic Planning and more  Wikipedia in the news: Wales everywhere, participation statistics, and more  Discussion report: Discussion Reports and Miscellaneous Articulations  WikiProject report: WikiProject Video games  Features and admins: Approved this week  Arbitration report: The Report on Lengthy Litigation  Technology report: Bugs, Repairs, and Internal Operational News  Read this Signpost in full · Single-page · Unsubscribe ·   "
MY PAGE 3234434aAa   Your just a mean OLD BULLSHITTING fart...as you would put it
I can just see the airport greeters saying Aloha Akbar.
@AmPowerBlog haha, says the little bitch who let someone take his phone. A real man wouldn't have let that happen. A little bitch would.
Fikile, Fikile,  Fikile!!!!!!! This article should have been posted in ANN7 and the New Age. Possibly your diatribe would have been more appreciated there.
Yep.  Operative phrase is "a number that remained steady."  TNR did not reduce the population--of feral cats anyway.  Five'll get you ten it played hell on the numbers of insular mammals, birds and reptiles that occurred in the Cyclades.  Incidence in both rabies and toxoplasmosis of course varies by region.  So far the former is absent from Australia, and the highest incidence of toxoplasmosis is in tropical countries, particularly Brazil.  Having said that, 80-87% of the French population is infected with it.
Quite few of the more conservative leaning commenters here have recently been lecturing the rest of us about the evils of political correctness". And I see that some of those same conservatives are cheering Whitehorn's actions. Isn't evicting Bishop Slice and Starbuks because their lyrics "offended" Whitehorn a clear example of the political correctness they complain about?   I'd like to hear the anti-political correctness crowd explain to me how this is not the precise definition of the very political correctness.
any yet his haters are continuing to make up any bs they can over and over,. , why is that? aaa yes ignorance, hate, stupidity! got it
It was John Robbins who stated: " We don't live inthe age of Reason, nor in the age of Aquarious, but  in the age or Irrationality.  Thanks for the proof of that statement.
@NabilAbuAmirah... he is a redneck fuck. This turd cutter is the lyinest of liars and his district is made up of yhe same...
RT @KallMe_Tae: "@PAPER_CHAYSIN: How you fucc for cash but u not a hoe ???? And how I'm going to respect u if your poccets broke ??????"nip&#8230;
@brendacoyt_3 : ahah chill my bitch look better &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128527;&#128076;
Trad, isn't it just perfect that so often the progressives who disagree with you think it sufficient to just post a "disagree" emoticon without bothering to engage?  It's a form of "ipse dixit," which has become almost typical of the left.
You truly have to be a fool to register your weapons in Canada.  Only a matter of time before they're all confiscated.
The price of such a fare would be helpful. It does matter. After all, not all of us readers have change to just toss around.
EVERYBODY "doubts rail schedule and price tag' but we have been unable to stop it.  Our politicians don't listen.  They just see piles of gold pouring in.
RT @JLewyville: &#128563; @Treslyon: Keyair angels &amp; female party promoters are not for me.. Most party promoters are hoes &amp; them angel bitches are&#8230;
Bruce, you're the traitor for voting for this monster. Youre the same as he. Go back to your little distorted world, and keep your trap shut. As a gay man, I want you to go hide your two faces once and for all. It's your vote that brought this on. You own this.
That loans will never be repaid, it's lost money.  Learn a lesson (lost count how many clear lessons BBD has given us so far), cut your losses and cut ties.
"  has been notified of WP:ARBPIA here. If he doesn't stop edit-warring I'd suggest you post a notification on WP:AE  further reverting will only escalate and won't help the article. Cheers, ''' - talk''' - 27.04.2009 07:04"
You mislead.   The UN has not "backed off"  these reports, they're waiting for confirmation.  From your link:  "We have also been informed that pro-Government forces have been entering civilian homes and killing those individuals found inside, including women and children.  Multiple sources have reports that tens of civilians were shot dead yesterday in al-Ahrar Square in al-Kallaseh neighbourhood, and also in Bustan al-Qasr, by Government forces and their allies, including allegedly the Iraqi al-Nujabaa armed group.  In all, as of yesterday evening, we have received reports of pro-Government forces killing at least 82 civilians (including 11 women and 13 children) in four different neighbourhoods -- Bustan al-Qasr, al-Ferdous, al-Kallaseh, and al-Saleheen. -"
Perhaps they need to raise their carbon taxes?
Sorry, but Kap was never "benched" for Gabbert.   If you knew the NFL well, you would know that last offseason Colin was coming off throwing shoulder surgery and couldn't throw the ball. The 49ers had a new coach (Chip Kelly) running a new scheme. Since Colin couldn't physically practice, Chip made Gabbert the starter for the first few games to install the offense. Once Colin was healthy and had sufficient practice, he became the starter and thoroughly outplayed Gabbert, who AZ signed in the offseason (but no one gave Colin a chance).
[He had Millions to spend ( Almost all from Outside the State ) lots of volunteers, again from Outside the State and running against 10 other candidates ?? How do you Lose with those advantages??] Perhaps by having others outside the state, like Trump, working against his campaign?  This isn't to condone out of state influences on votes but it seemed that you only rail against it when it is Democrats doing it.
I think there is a little over reaction here normal rate on a 10yr bond should be 4-6%.  We  are a long way from there and given the level of debt both Government and personal I don't think we are going there soon.  I bought Telus in 2009 and dripped it.  Based on what i paid it now pays me 15% on my original investment.  I haven't found any bonds that compare the bond bull run is over
"A practice no law on the planet allows:  You idiot what about North Korea?!!!
Donald Trump is a sick, pathetic, pathological liar. Anyone who supports this idiot should be ashamed of themselves. Seriously.
WHO GIVES A FUCK IF ITS GOT A LITTLE HYPHEN IN THE MIDDLE, YOUR A FUCKING-NERD WHO HAS NO LIFE, NO CLASS AND NO CHANCE OF LOSING YOUR VIRGINITY
I have long been of  the opinion, putting aside his previous (and, to many of us, awful) history before 1994, that McBride is one of VERY FEW who really wants to do a good job and serve the country to the best of his ability. It is because of this that he is frustrated and blocked at every turn by accusations of varying seriousness but all hurtful to his credibility. As to the question of who to appoint as the top policeman, and out of sheer frustration, I would suggest McBride. Except that may be a death sentence to the man if he is, as I am convinced, trying to do a good and honorable job.
I agree with most of what Gordon said. To a large degree, the whole war is about pipelines from the Gulf states to Europe. Just look at the economy of these states now, and you can tell that the delays in stretching the pipelines due to the unexpectedly long war in Syria has caused major problems to the economies of these countries, because Syria chose to cooperate on Iran/Iraq pipeline instead of the Qatari/Saudi one. A small event went unnoticed a few days before the start of the Syrian war: the Saudi king was recovering in Morocoo and stopped on his way back in Syria for a meeting with Assad. No news came out about his meeting indicating it was a failure, and the war started a few days later, obviously because it was pre-planned.  Syria is definitely important to Russia for reasons including what is stated in this article. But the question to ask is: why is Syria so important to the US, France, Germany, and the UK? It's to break the oil and gas dependency on Russia.
The State has no place in the backyards of the Nation.
I had the pleasure of living on Robert Pickering farm in 1980 for 3 years. I was in charge of 15 beautiful Arabian horses. Rob Pickering grew hay and worked the farm during this time. Wonderful memories of riding on his tractor with him.
We don't need to do anything.  If these people want to go unprepared, and then they die.  Oh well, that's nobody's fault but their own.
According to the 2010 census, Perrysburg, OH is a community that is 93% white. You really seem to be grasping at straws if you're criticizing the lack of diversity in a parish that is located in a town with precious little diversity to begin with.
Canadians should do the utmost to stand up for what we believe in. . But those who would at the risk of starting a trade war are as dumb as those who voted for Trump in the first place.  In this world, the platform upon which a nation stands to promote its social agenda is an economic platform. Money talks. Trade wars weaken the economy and damage our ability to promote our societal view of the world.
Heather Heyer's FB page had the quote: "If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention." With Heather's murder; If you're not outraged now, ...you're less than human.
You're a bitch dawg. A straight bitch.
I can tell you what kind of gun it was because I was that woman and me and my two-year-old were the ones held hostage it was an AK-47 mind your fucking business people
Please provide one credible "death threat" toward Trump from anyone in civic life. I know who's the hypocrite here.
"Is this the same Timbaland did a remix of Nelly Furtado's single ""Turn Off the Light"" from the ""Whoa Nelly"" album. He's credited on the CD single, so had worked with Nelly before. This isn't mentioned either on this page, or on Nelly's page.  ~~Mister_Greywolf~~  "
For months the Trump Cultists whined: "No proof! Fake news! Witch hunt!" Now, with clear evidence of collusion, Trump Cultists say: "So, he did nothing wrong. I would do it, too!" Real patriots, aren't they?
RT @DarlinCory: Making homemade pickles and working on a funny tweet about pussy. I am going to make a great old lady!
Irresponsible dumheads. Each and every image has fair use rationale and appropriate copyright clarifications. Shitheads like you do not deserve any dialogue. 71.184.9.231
Has anyone been able to locate a clip or photgraph of the father ?
Finally An Alaskan with common sense 🖐🏼
The story above is quite clear, though it's doubtful you actually read it. Some work did not meet professional standards, it was retracted and the writers were let go. One of the subjects of this reporting commented:  “@CNN did the right thing. Classy move. Apology accepted. Everyone makes mistakes. Moving on.”  This has nothing at all to do with your silly lies and propaganda about "fake news." Quite the opposite. Feel free to keep making a fool of yourself in public forums.
Politicians dictating what the media can or cannot do is a direct attack on a Free Press in Canada!  We should all be outraged over this!
Frankie G said: "You love hunting. I get that."  Of my brothers my youngest is the only one who's hunted anything but cats in the last in the last half-century (he hunts ducks).  I still fish--mostly when my eldest granddaughter wants to.  And nobody hunts cats for enjoyment.  Nobody I know, anyway.  It's an unpleasant, but NECESSARY task.  And it will have to be done until free-roaming invasive felines have been eradicated from the landscape.
It took until now for these fools to do this?
and senior was alive during that time
I would not only like to see this in all neighborhoods, I would also propose that permits be issued to businesses allowing parking on streets when conducting business.
Never tell a bitch what u up to..
The tweeter gurl is on Tumblr using a taser on roaches that I'm assuming are in her house. You bitches have no shame.
Ask any member of the Vaccine Cult how prions work, watch their eyes glaze over just before they change the topic.
We have friends on both coasts in Florida who decided to stay and ride Irma out to the end. According to the latest news, so far, it appears that they will survive.
Handing out blocks using Twinkle. What a fucking disgrace. — lfdder
My Corolla was made in Ontario...so...domestic or import?
@CR4ZYF0RU I just really miss you and I know we can drink it off and talk about all of our problems like basic bitches
Are Canadians smart enough to know when they are being bet over and remember it at the polls. Apparently liberal base seem to be halfwits. Wake up fools or pay the price.
"Suck my dick"
Well, I don't know.  At least you SEE her, HEAR her and she's ALIVE.  Don't you think our representatives would have an opinion on the ex-Chief and his wife???  But NOTHING---as USUAL!!!
Who cares. He's such an untalented egotistical idiot.
"   Couple of Qs re notability   Hi ""Chris"", Just seeking information generally. Firstly on Tonbridge Angels' page you amended the criteria for former players to exclude captaincy, and on Margate's removed the section altogether. I'm afraid I missed the earlier section on Margate's page, my mistake. However, ""duplication"" apart, am wondering about your reasoning of ""vague/dubious"" as these criteria are ones I have seen on any number of non-league club pages or why the section was not deleted after the earlier addition of Barry Thornley (not by me!) which created it (the section)? On the Tonbridge page I am wondering at what level captaincy would be valid, as once again this criteria appears on numerous pages. Thanks for any info.. Regards.   "
Lies, damn lies & statistics. Let’s not kid ourselves, unfounded means for the most part lies, deception, or lack of any corroborating evidence. Ms. Doolittle’s report can be interpreted many ways. Perhaps some Police forces are better at detecting lies. Perhaps some Police arrest people regardless of any real evidence to mitigate their unfounded rate. Her stating statistics (2-8% is accepted false reporting rate) without citation of any kind is not unusual for feminists. They like to present “alternative truths” on a regular basis. In the feminist bubble, it’s unfathomable the rate could be higher, cause you know…’sugar & spice & all things nice’. I wonder, if after reviewing all the past cases the Police determine they are in fact unfounded, what will Ms. Doolittle’s response be? Admission of a much higher unfounded rate than 2-8%?, admission that women may lie more often than she currently believes? I guess we'll have to wait and see....
He tried to burn the body???  I'll say it again, hang this monster.
Plaid shorts bitches
This is the President of the United States, making this statement.  He said he would "Make America Great Again", the next President will really have to "Make America Great Again", Thank's to Trump.
The author neglected to state that neither Russia or the US needs oil from Iraq. The various citizens of the Middle East do however want to control the oilfields.  After decades of being massacred by their own "government", the Kurds will not give up the fight for independence.    U.S. troops may have found the arsenals of Iraq empty of weapons of mass destruction but there is general agreement that Iraq used such weapons in 1988 against the Kurds in  Halabja.
@sowhatsides I am funny bitch
.  Neither am I. Pants suck. They should all go to Hell
"The article was about Bush you asshole."
As soon as I see Paul Krugman  at the top of a article I know which way it will slant. If President Trump said the sun came out today a hack like Mr. Krugman would shout that the president is a liar, cheat,  _______, you fill in the blank. You can't sling a dead cat around here without hitting  on of these "useful idiots".
is no good news idiot,things are getting worse
How do laws get started?
At this point and time it does not matter what Americans think...a country with scientific brain power will take over and we Americans will become followers not leaders...easier and cheaper to be followers.
The ignorance about this country's history by its own citizens is truly depressing. We've become spoiled and lazy, with negative, petty partisanship and childish blame-game, finger pointing dominating our political discussions. Hardly worthy successors of the blessings of freedoms handed down to us, and very questionable as to whether we are up to the task of defending those freedoms.  We all better raise our game - conservative, liberal, or whatever political philosophy alike - if we are going to cooperate in making this country work and have something of value to hand down to our children. There are genuine physical threats to this country from around the globe. Our enemies will not be asking someone who they voted for or what their party affiliation is before the bombs explode, the guns are fired, or radiation sweeps over the land. Sounds sci-fi apocalyptic, but to say it can't happen here is to deny the reality and history of the world we live in.
)   Fuck you. Eat shit and die.
&#8220;@DuncanHines_: @KB_Three fck you nigger&#8221; lol jk bra
Facts do not matter here...same old model rules the powers that be..punishment is all they know..the solution is a spiritual one...like fighting addictions..laws and punishment have little effect...but try a spiritual approach and the success rates go up...but who wants to do that?  The stupid people do the same thing and just pass more laws.
Then why don't you post a link to the specific article?   I found lot of takes on it at MSNBC, but none that match the version, you apparently made up.
Sure it does. It highlights the folly of the One Child Policy (and by extension, the idea that governments can/should determine how citizens live their lives). It exposes the social toll from the same policy, as well as the Chinese government's responses: On the one hand, the government uses its security apparatus to block these grieving parents from travel, if they believe that they plan to protest. On the other hand, the government is also taking steps in the right direction by providing care and resources for these same parents.
Is the band playing on this sinking ship?
RT @Kamri_noToyota: &#8220;@Felz_: KING was fire RT @viaNAWF: King, TI vs tip and that troubleman albums all trash.&#8221; Most def
"@Tmacc_GFG: BOBBY BITCH-by @BobbyShmurdaGS9 be getting me live as fuck" hell yea i play that hoe before my workout
FUCK YOU ALL YOU LOSERS WHO AHVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO   FYUCK YOU WHY DONT U STOP ME FROM EDITING ALREADY
She bitch goddess thinks she owns New York????? .........wait...... @midnight #LameApocalypses
justin is a lying narcissistic pathological emotionally ***** human, well don you idiots in canada,, there i corrected it for you!
Medicine and medical relief supplies were not part of the sanctions; foodstuffs could also be exempted from sanctions for humanitarian purposes.  Good for them on the work they did, which was undoubtedly arduous, but it hardly seems to "defy sanctions."
Are you surprised he didn't show up?  They'll be calling for his resignation for days.  And rightfully so.  He's a stinking rich, tax dodging embarrassment.
Imagine how nervous Quebec and Ontario are at the prospect of two NDP governments killing their "have" province status. Where's the equalization money going to come from?
Photo: Here some kimora boobies for you &#128139; &#128298; this is how unlock before I slice a bitch. #kimorablac... http://t.co/puKJtghIPB
I would appreciate it if you could explain the difference then.  If a hospital is permitted to choose not to offer some services, as long as all offered services are offered to all patients, I do not see how the reason is significant.
If one was watching the proceedings in the House of Commons over the past several weeks, humour seems to be a good tool to get the PM flustered.  I guess that progressives can give it better than they can take it.  Typical bullies.
Greed seems to be the motivation.   Seems best to avoid so called "licensed producers" and others in it for the money.   Not only is the product tainted, so is the entire industry.
More thoughtless destruction by the GOP.  Instead of slowly torturing the ACA to death by cutting out vital parts of it, they should just repeal the whole thing. The people who voted for Trump need to feel the consequences of their stupidity.   What constructive things has Trump accomplished so far?  ZERO. All he and conservatives know how to do is tear down. They're rabid animals leaving death and destruction in their wake. Who in this country feels truly hopeful?
RT @starzz2929: I wanna be the reason u look down at your phone &amp; smile then a car run yo ass over hoe!
" Is there anyway to merge   Talk "
Not half of America.  One quarter of the electorate.  That's about 18% of the population of America.
@maycie32 do you mean you were too distracted by being a bitch ? :))
I must not have been clear, sorry. Hillary won the CA popularity contest, yes. (Although recent polls show she would lose that too if election was held today, yay!!!)    * The Republicans are the majority and control the Presidency, VP, House and Senate. Dems can offer input-but cannot enforce their will. Nope!!!.
hahah death to this war criminal ! 188.23.179.183
Silly people, they're not up their to represent us!  We don't have that kind of money.
"I've watched Alaska State Troopers many times" and therefore I am an expert.  LOL!  If you want the details go to the trial as an observer.
I used Narramore Associates and dey made me da sickest crib man.  It wus like chromed out and shit
I a typical inaugural address, the new President dispenses with his campaign rhetoric and talks about "unity", "togetherness", "democracy", "equality", "reaching out".  Donald Trump did not do that. OK, so I suppose he means what he says, at least in broad terms. I suggest we all take him seriously, if not literally.
Walker sucks
"   re: Jessica Lange   Listen you little twat, you do understand that I wrote the majority of this page?  What the hell do you think you're doing censoring and correcting work you didn't put an ounce of effort into?  I'll leave your ""modification"" for now, but you're seriously getting on my fucking nerves.  Go police a page that, you know, you've actually worked on.  Asshole.   "
Canada welcomes him. The US will hassle him on his return.
if i take care of my constituents who donged me financially the rest of the  general public  will just grumble and i will get my way cause they are too dum stoopid to know da rules
All that remains is for the aggrieved natives to demand  Ottawa give them  the many millions of dollars left over from the inquiry they sabotaged .  Justin will give it  to them to atone for the colonialism and wear the  headdress he was given, but which will be criticized as appropriation.
Oh good Mr. stupid goes to Washington, that makes all Canadians feel so good. and as an aside  "Jerry Dias, president of Unifo..." I did not realize that Jerry now speaks for the government
"   Minor POV issues   Things like ""Both sides raised armies as the Union assumed control of the border states early in the war and established a naval blockade"", ""In September 1862, Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation made ending slavery in the South a war goal, and dissuaded the British from intervening"", ""Confederate commander Robert E. Lee won battles in the east, but in 1863 his northward advance was turned back after the Battle of Gettysburg and, in the west, the Union gained control of the Mississippi River at the Battle of Vicksburg, thereby splitting the Confederacy"" and ""and brought changes that helped make the country a united superpower"" put too much emphasis on Lee as well as portray the north as both the agressor who is out to conquer the south and the victim who is out to defend human rights. While I am very much glad that the north did win, I would expect that Good Articles would have gotten rid of this kind of wording. Any suggestions as to how to fix this?Coldplay Expért Let's talk "
Where I get fuzzy is when one is adamant that the best thing for Alaska is to cut our schools, University and other state function to the bone, meanwhile refusing to STOP paying massive subsidies to big oil. Is what best for Alaska, to take half of Everyones dividend and still pay big oil? You look at your expenses they are X amount of dollars, then you look at revenue it is Y, then what is best for Alaska is to continue to spend all of your savings? In my world if I have cut my expenses down to bare essentials, then I would go out and seek more revenue right? If it is me and my life I don't want to touch my savings or at least not spend every dime if I can make perhaps earn more money, work a second job work overtime etc, It makes no sense.
A wonderful comedic actor - he will be missed.
Your missing; 1) Compassion 2) Empathy 3) WE THE PEOPLE (that means everyone) 4) Justice 5) Liberty 6) An understanding of the foundation of our country and lastly a failure to comprehend that YOU are descendent from immigrants (unless of course your last name is two bears or walking stick)and please spare me the "I'm 1/16 Cherokee blaa blaa" and also spare me the "we came legaly" cause I doubt our Native Americans feel the same about your legality.
the stupidity never ends from the left
In the specific quotes shown here, you are right. However, in some of his other writings, he does.  Anyway, your whinge amounts to nothing more than "Oh, boo hoo. The pope's priorities aren't the same as mine!"
Correct. Once the airline calls law enforcement to deal with you, let it be CPD or Aviation Security, the airline steps back and LEOs aren't there to determine right or wrong...they just deal with the situation at hand.  Pilots and crew are in command of that aircraft... if you want to want to make a federal offense by disregarding crew instructions no matter how benign it might be, then you damn well better be prepared for the consequences...including getting tased or dragged off the aircraft if need be.
LOL...what an idiot...
God performs abortions all the time. I've known many would-be mothers who were traumatized by spontaneous loss of their pregnancies. There are times when for their own reasons women do not want to continue their pregnancies and I do not think the government should force them to continue them against their will. There are fetuses in the womb which may be identified as carrying major defects which would make their lives a burden for themselves and their families. Babies should be born healthy and wanted by their mothers and their fathers. There are stupid reasons for terminating pregnancies, also (sex selection, for instance). The world and its systems are not perfect. I choose to err on the side of family choice.
Nice to see you again Esau.  I really enjoyed your class presentation.  Keep up the good work.
then you are nothing but a beast and murderer
The New Camry: The 'Kathleen Wynne" of Canada's auto industry
If your test of what is important is what the current Congress will fund, then I guess you consider infrastructure, jobs, education, mental health and basic scientific research of no importance.  All of those have seen real or effective declines in authorization in recent years.
&#8220;@beautiful_bleus: 7. You still fucn ya ex?&#8221;na that bitch corny
"   Comment   My comments on Malleus' talk page were well beyond civil, even for a user talk page. They were a personal attack, and warranted serious sanction.   For the record, it was a simple spontaneous eruption of contempt mingled with rage. Some have muttered that I went to his page to harass him; that's not the case. I went to continue a discussion that had been interrupted by earlier admin action. Some are muttering that I went there to ""bait"" or ""poke"" him into a block. I appreciate the complement but my Machiavellian intelligence is non-existant. Obviously.   I lost respect for Malleus when he said, ""You already succeeded in getting me blocked, so I can only presume that you're trying to repeat the trick."" I had made it clear that I had no intention of getting him blocked, he knew it, and yet regurgitated this populist slur. That's where he opened the door for my unmitigated opinion.  But my rant wasn't aimed at the dishonesty I perceived in that comment, that simply gave me permission to express a much deeper revulsion that's been building in me over the last few months with respect to this project.   It's a feeling, so I'm not sure I can make it clear. A kind of nauseous disgust. It's to do with how we deal with the hurt we may cause others, other editors, our subjects and our readers. I'm pleased to see the faltering steps being taken toward a more civil ethos here. Those who actually know me know that means a great deal to me. There is a long way to go. Pesky pointed out that finding the right form of words for what's required is difficult. I agree. That's the challenge. The right form of words will emerge if we discuss these questions enough.  With regard to respectful discourse between editors, Malleus has been addressing the real root of the civility problem here for years. Telling someone to fuck off, or calling them a cunt is obviously uncivil and an easy call for an admin. But the real evil here is not Malleus and me calling each other names, it's the sleazy aside from one editor to another, undermining the reputation of a third. One editor can bully or badger another for days or weeks without ever calling them a name, and it's their victim that cops a block when they respond accordingly. So I'm glad to see more admins taking civility seriously, but you're going to have to work on the sophistication of your approach.  I'm disgusted by the way this project treats its readers with regard to controversial images. The bit that disgusts me is the mantra that ""we don't care if we offend our readers."" Seriously. That has been repeated ad nauseam during the Muhammad images debates and others. I can see no excuse for that attitude, and don't want to participate in an enterprise that has that attitude towards its readership.  And finally, contempt for our subjects. I first noticed this on a BLP. A teenage girl and her boyfriend made a sex tape. Later, when she was a minor local celebrity, the tape was posted on the net, without her permission. It's there now; Google her name and ""sex tape"" and you got it. She's now won a TV competition, so is becoming better known.  The tape's existence has been mentioned a few times in the press, but not much, and usually the ""nudge, nudge, lucky bastard"" type of comment, but it doesn't seem to have affected her career or even her private life. An RfC asked ""Should we mention the tape?"" Policy-wise you can make a case for its inclusion, but it's borderline. What really disgusted me was the utter unconcern of many editors for the effect our inclusion of the factoid would have on the visibility of the tape, and the consequent effect this would have on the woman. I won't elaborate further; you either get it or you don't.  And it was concern for the subject of a BLP that brought Malleus and me together. He was arguing for the preservation of a borderline notable BLP that the subject said was distressing him. I argued that it should go, simply because it's borderline notable and the subject doesn't want it.   Although Malleus asserted the wishes of the subject are irrelevant, an assertion he is incapable of justifying, and a position I find morally repugnant, he deemed it appropriate to also declare the subject's claim of distress is implausible. Unfortunately, Jimbo had already primed me with a similar judgment. Jimbo had ignored my response, so I thought I'd add a little emphasis when I explained my view to Malleus.  I've suffered chronic pain and fatigue since I had an unnecessary medical intervention at the a
@wellheeledking old raglyscrag. me and that bitch been places.
I call PIG  WHOOIE. I thought the ALMIGHTY football program paid for everything..........Let Uncle Phil pay for the increases and keep the tuition lower.  Its TIME for WUSIE Schill to step down. Its TIME to call in........ The GUNSLINGER, aka, Pat Kilkenny, Pat can be here in no time in his 20 MILLION Dollar private jet, Pat does the DIRTY work and can,  and should get rid of BLACKFACE Schill.
Carrie Ann Dye  Go preach your nonetheless on Yelp.  Your diatribe here is pretty much just as BS and unnecessary.
Carl if the founding fathers were here today they would be considered "terrorists" by this corrupt, lawless government. If you disagree with what you've read thus far then you are a good for nothing, worthless citizen. You're a traitor to the republic, an enemy of the United States of America and her people. You don't deserve to live in this country, you should have your ass kicked and then hauled to North Korea. You don't have a clue, this government is coming for YOU. Don't you fret none Carl we got this, we're gonna lock up every corrupt piece of s$$t that is involved. WE HAVE THE EVIDENCE. Don't believe me ? Listen to the video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kq41pU7f5QI
Amazing. That's exactly what I said after reading Steve Bannon's Breitbart news.
.  "Trump denied making deal with Democrats on ‘Dreamers’: Republicans"  --  This guy is a chronic liar.  Every day, the truth changes, depending on whom he is talking to and which way the wind is blowing.  He got into the habit of lying at will when he was building condos and hotels and made his money by stiffing small contractors, planned bankruptcies and playing condo buyers for suckers.  He doesn't even realize that  the rest of the world views it as an undesirable trait.  It's second nature to him.  More and more he's openly displaying the textbook traits of the functioning psychopath.  How blind does one have to be to not have clued in about him?
Stop being an idiot   There is no such thing as Islamic terrorism or miltancy. Islam does not teach this. I seriously suggest you get a education of basic world religions.
Hilarious. Almost as hilarious as every comment the thought Nazis disagree with here being flagged as abusive. Carry on Dems, dig the hole deeper and deeper.
Does anyone know the energy conversion to Megatons of TNT? 130 million tons of rock must be multiplied by the estimated 3000 foot fall to compute the energy release. I computed it equivalent to a 2.5 Megaton nuclear blast. About 125 times greater than Nagasaski.
Congratulations and welcome back.
test
I was feelin her About a week Agoooo, Now? She just a silly hoe....Silly hoe &#128175;&#128175;&#9995;
Cant believe this fool was a republican 😄
It is amazing how people who want to regress call themselves "progressive" People who want to ruin BC, a Canadian province for China and the USA are regressive and ignorant.
What do the sources call it? Protocol, tradition or something else?
Krookwell is a motherf***er  He needs to be put out to pasture
Interesting take.    It does go along with two critical tools for manipulation, sex and power.  Sex  makes better headlines and doesn't require much proof.   Us of power on the other hand is considered 'acceptable' (they are the boss after all, they can do what they want.......).     The sex charges usually come down to he said, she said and conviction rates are low.    Somebody like OReilly can probably just pay to make it go away, so he does.  Good lawyers know this, they smell the money, they know they get a good chunk of the settlement money (which is usually ends up much lower that what we read about the original jury awards).   It's an imperfect judicial system, but better than what 4/5th(WAG) of the world's population has to face.
What exactly are they protesting?
Trump is a liar and a psychotic.  People who support him are in a small and shrinking pocket of ignorance.
@Mike_Stud touch my throbbing pussy
It depends but usually you are not saving any money getting the phone from a carrier - they just spread the cost out for you. However occasionally, for reasons I don't know, one set of payment options will be significantly cheaper than another. Fido has a popular phone up and the listed price of the phone changes depending on whether you add $0, $10, $15 or $25 extra payments on the monthly plan. Bigger monthly payments mean lower upfront payments but the _total_ cost if you pay $10/mo extra on the phone is significantly different than if you pay $15/mo on the phone. It ends up being about $100 less total cost.
"Take your "testament" and shove it."
What a strange bunch of non-sequitur comments.  Bizarre foods and political squabbles; is that the best we can offer?  For those who don't know, Wilson is the real thing.  His knowledge wasn't acquired by book learning, which some here deride, but by decades of painstaking lab and field work.  Wilson studied ants, and he discovered that they communicate via chemical signals, now known as pheromones.  And that was just for starters...  When he says we should set aside half the Earth, he knows what he's talking about.
It is worth noting that the President's budget request, released last month, requests a deep cut in funding for tsunami sensors around the Pacific.  Penny wise and pound foolish.  Not an issue today, but tomorrow?  Only time will tell....
Obama was more fascist than trump..he was just better at tricking you stupid liberals
Ryan is within his rights to block me.  Please, block me.
Funny that this comment would be rejected: "YOU denounce all Albertans all of the time. YOU were the poster who wrote these words:  "These Oilbertan creeps all voted for the Cons.  We owe them nothing."  And YOU were the poster who tried to sow doubt in the minds of people donating to the Fort Mac fire, implying the same sentiments as above.  The imbeciles who chanted are typical of a small demographic that exists in every province.  But YOU little man are a PROVEN anti-Alberta bigot.  Now you're trying to wrap yourself in a cloak of indignation.  Pathetic"  Yes, funny Looks like the Globe has let the lunatics run the asylum
At first I thought this was going to be a "stupid American tourist" story, but apparently the Chinese and Canadians are just as ignorant of German law.
Dumb ass student gets trapped in a giant #pussy sculpture http://t.co/5IzMLkvZZV #germany #wtf #funny #hornymen
Another use for duct tape !!
It's not legislation.
Just another example of the republican value of sanctity of life.  Life begins at conception but ends at birth.  Then every individual is on their own.  Survival of the fittest (and richest).  So very Christian.
It should be debated, because it's a nuanced issue. I'm surprised at how many responses veer all the way in the opposite direction. Of course appropriation does exist; consider the white college girls who use indigenous war bonnets as trendy, pseudo-bohemian accessories. That's an important ceremonial item, and it's obviously disrespectful to re-purpose it as something trivial. That's cultural appropriation. Playing with random bits and pieces of other people's religions, customs, and lives is rude at best,.  That being said, this backlash is so disproportionate, it's embarrassing.  It's clear that Niedzviecki was using the term very loosely, and didn't understand its complexities. These reactions seem to take isolated sentences at face value; in context, they're a non-issue. Unfortunately, this type of over-reaction just perpetuates the idea that anyone concerned about racial issues is silly and oversensitive.
Columns like these take cheap shots at complex problems and fan the flames of hate and vitriol that exists today.   Shapiro, you get paid to write this garbage, how about offering solutions for change and stop being a hater.
This guy is a Muslim and they have no respect for women, this has happened in Fredericton too, a rape and getting away with it, how stupid can the judge be.  Taking advantage of women who have been drinking this is absolutely wrong.  Go get him give him his punishment.
Wiz khalifa was the most influential rapper in my era. We seem to forget all the trends this nigguh started
No   Suck my cock, asshole, I will never stop.
Please tell me why this is Canadian news ... we have enough issues within our own borders to not worry about Trump.  Focus on Canada not the US and their idiot president. Our own govt. is about to create MD shortages, and drive all future entepreneurs south, but this is what you report.
@joshmtz1199 bitch I'm starving!
A previous employer had two mentally ill people on its small team of 15  (a depressed senior exec and a lying salesperson).  The cost to the business was huge . . ultimately the owners sold out because of resulting issues with customers.  These two people were toxic and there was no "medical solution".  Key takeaway, unfortunately not the fairest solution, is to screen very intensively amongst new employee candidates and take a huge pass on anyone with indications of a mental illness that may have adverse workplace consequences.
@TheJustinnn @toddkincannon @realbrother0003 He's a pussy
Christy's legacy?  Nearly $50b in new accrued BC debt; a new record.
So if anyone makes the choice to live off grid where there are no jobs or infrastructure it is the duty of those who do to support them? What is the matter with you? Do you honestly believe what you just said? I wish to live in the Wrangell Mountain far off the road, and by the way only a select few can live there and it is race based, but by your thinking others have to build a road for me, supply power, water, schooling, medical, dental, jobs(IF I, FEEL LIKE WORKING AND IF i DONT YOU HAVE TO GIVE ME MONEY TO SUPPORT ME AND MY FAMILY), a store or two to shop at ect ect ect. This is what you propose? Oh wait, it happens now. In reality if I choose to live off grid I will have do it on my own. Why would I expect money be taken from others due to my decision to live where there are no jobs or infrastructure? Thats insane. Sure I will forgo the Christmas gifts I wanted to buy my family with my hard earned money because you choose to live in a place with no jobs. Insane.
Can anyone imagine BC leaving all the oil in the ground without exporting it if the oil sands were in BC?  Not likely.  So why is Alberta oil such an issue?  We are a country and goods into and out of the port of Vancouver are clearly a national, not regional issue.  However, if the NIMBY's there succeed in killing this pipeline one can only hope the Alberta government will institute a "passage fee" for all rail traffic to or from the port of Vancouver that passes through Alberta (in order to recoup some revenue from lost production royalties).  In any event, more chance of environmental problems from the trains than there are from a modern pipeline.
The stupidity of Vermont voters in electing the politicians who employed this guy is obvious.
It's an interesting idea, I think it has merit and could provide relief to our unsustainable and overstretched publicly funded system.  The problem is not a lack of ideas and potential solutions (we could copy other models that work better than ours).  The problem is the inability for the system to change itself from the inside:  too many bureaucrats, politicians, administrators, and too little leadership to drive change.
My bitch Remy stuck in 06 &#128557;
Canadians "paid" with their blood.
How, exactly, does being appalled by our country's predilection for bombing other nations because they are different than those in power being juvenile? If anything, complacency in our nation's latent racism is disturbingly naive at best.
Oh boy--I am sorry Hugh Glass 61.  Haste does make Waste  Try reading my first post again.   This one: "I am not Latina, but my father used to tell me once the door was opened for government 'who are here to help' - they do not leave quietly."  Hugh buddy, you  keep (repeatedly btw) missing the word NOT-as in:  I. AM. *NOT*. LATINA.  Dunno why that is.
Shut your pie hole. Lisa Murkowski is a U.S.Senator and you are a bitter loser. She is not a traitor. You are a loser. Got that, bitter man? She's out salmon fishing and you are a loser.
“We can undertake projects that some people think are unimaginable, like the rail link I talked about [between Calgary and Edmonton] or the high-speed link from Toronto to Windsor,” he said during the debate. “How do we fund those projects? We fund them by engaging the private sector, by mobilizing the innovative thinking around that. People who can utilize these projects are excited.”  This is another stupid idea by this government. The private sector can work with government now to do these types of projects. We don't need a flippin infrastructure bank. This is another way for Liberal elites to line their pockets.
Summer hoes turning into winter wifeys &#128553;
Surprise (not), another long suffering Leaf fan, unfortunately with a keyboard to a national audience, must have been hard on you to wait 3 rounds before being able to write this crap.
I think I read the worst interview ever. Lee Castro and one of the 2 dope bitches. Neither one of these two belong in media.
RT @itssJayda: &#8220;@uce_INA: &#8220;@leaisalioness: &#128081; http://t.co/uYKb0T3Fba&#8221; hoes on gish road be lookin like.. Talkin bout "5 dolla sucky sucky"&#128514;&#8230;
Fuuuuuuuuck that bitch. #Snowpiercer
Sullivan is ideologically oriented toward this kind of stupidity so he will find a reason to support this pig and Murkowski is weak and willing to make tidbit trades to save face.  Alaskans are screwed.
Of course they do.   Stupid people really have to meet everyone else half way if they don't want to be called stupid, starting with not saying stupid things.
"This is from a White woman's perspective who has dated black men, educated black men. When black women only fuck with thugs in their early adulthood, then get knocked up, and having never given the nerdy black guys a chance because they were "corny." Meanwhile, us White women who appreciate brains and character over swag from our early stages of adulthood and hold onto these values throughout life, notice these rejected black men. So now, what you see in this video is a White woman who snatched up what Black women rejected. Life is a bitch. You mad? Black women are failures are true womanhood. Just saying.\xa0"
Although the process will be painful the only way to control the economic non value adding housing market is to close it to non Canadians and anyone who already has a home... even landed immigrants should go through a test to ensure they are planning permanent single residence... we are not a way station for global wealth transfer. We have a government that wants a global market access but has done nothing to protect our citizen rights... not only do we have to compete on making things I buy with the world , I now have to compete on where I live... enough!!!  Also........ its telling that big data can tell corporations how many times I go to the bathroom but government cannot find out how many houses I buy.
Doesn't Moby Dick fit into in this fable somewhere?
Hmmmm,  optimism isn't your strong suit.  Unlike Justin Trump is keeping his election promises, try to see that through your negative wish list.
I think what you have just posted is referred to as a false equivalency. I was not addressing the specifics of what she said, but that she or he was speaking in public about matters that should probably be spoken in private. Have you not at sometime regretted a public statement you have made? I know I have.
Dear grumpy bitch at gibsons, no one wants to hear about your personal life.
RT @TrapicalGod: These hoes really ain't loyal &#128514;&#128591; http://t.co/6u2kbYkQ2n
fuck you then, im done with this website.
I understand the confusion.  While Muslim is a term used to describe those who subscribe to a religious set of beliefs, Islam is an ideology that's stepping into taking the place of governing law with legal courts.  What we must do as a society is recognize to what we are responding and why.  As late at 2008 the House of Lords declared Shariah incompatible with human rights for a reason.  Their history is not one of peace. It is one of pure blood spilling by killing more than 270 Million - yes I said 270 million - people for not being Muslim. For - not - being - muslim.  The Christian crusades.... 1 - 3 million.  https://youtu.be/t_Qpy0mXg8Y  Today, Islam is being used as a tool to brutally knock out nationalism throughout the EU - We have lost Paris, much of France, Sweden now the rape capital, England has 155 Shariah courts, Italy is on the verge of a civil war, and Germany...  Greek Isles are no more.  No go zones in the US...  The NWO movement - Where's your outrage?
The cruel attacks against the Holy Father are bad, and uncalled for, especially from those who consider themselves the good faithful.
Why are you asking the State to use tax payer monies to provide these amenities to these illegal aliens. Screw that! Make the boat owners pay for it.  Better yet, put an end to illegal practice.  you might as well be asking for the state to build dormitories for them! SMH !
tricking off ya paper ain't wat u do... gotta learn the game... make dat hoe buy u!!!!
But she’s not a crook, she’s not a liar, and she’s not the screaming reality show candidate her probable Republican opponent most definitely is.   I have a newsflash for you not only is Hillary Clinton a crook and a liar she is without question the most corrupt candidate for president in the history of our Republic. The Clinton foundation is nothing but a front ... She and Bill the pedophile is it as a clearinghouse for all of the bribes they have accepted over the last 30 years. Dena...
dont use spaces, dumbass
I am going to take your comment with a grain of salt, as the HUB is on Broadway, not Franklin, and the crosswalk light there back eastbound traffic back to the viaduct of Ferry Street Bridge.  Weatbound, with only two lanes at that spot is a safety concern as drivers cut left from the right lane to beat the cars stopped at the flashing red light.  Adding another light for a crosswalk at this new housning development will now put 4 lights from Hilyard to the 11th and Franklin intersection.   While I could care less about the complex itself, they should require a pedestrian bridge.
Ralphie says, "Once the people of the South have democratically selected their new leader, Kim Jong-Un should send him a letter, addressed to the President of the Republic of Korea (rather than the usual “leader of south Korea” salutation) and propose a meeting to discuss “peaceful coexistence” as a first step toward a harmonious, denuclearized Korean Peninsula."  Peaceful coexistence? Harmonious, denuclearized Korean Peninsula?  What planet is Ralphie from?  It's these types of people that got us to where we are today.  Oh yeah, let's talk some more and find a peaceful solution.  Heard that Kim Jongun?  Let's shake hands and hug eachother. Everything will be fine. In the meantime, you can continue to work on that nuclear ballistic missile. No worries.  What idiots.
Great.  Alaska has always been a national sacrifice area.  It's appropriate that ANWR join the rest of the planet in that.  Plus, what better way to pay for The Wall.  Too bad he won't be in office long enough to see it.
After getting swept, the collapse is nearly complete. The Rockies have some good players, but only a couple winners. Nolan, Story, DJ, Reynolds, Cargo, Lucroy, Wolters, Otto, Holland, Chatwwod, Hoffman, Freeland, Gray, every single one has FOLDED UNDER PRESSURE. Some good players in there, but not a winner in the bunch. That includes Black who sounds more like Weiss every day. These guys know losing, these guys have been losing a long time, these guys are comfortable losing, these guys are losers.
All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe.
Stephens employs familiar propaganda devices used by hasbara agents to discredit critics that cannot be discredited by facts, logic and common morality.  He conflates conclusions from painstaking and scrupulously documented evidence and research (Walt and Mersheimer;  the Israel lobby's power described by anonymous surveys of Congress; the well-documented Office of Special Plans within the Bush 43 Department of Defense) with offhand remarks of celebrities that are published simply due to their celebrity (Mel Gibson).  And he compares Israel's 70-year colonial land theft, apartheid and brutal military occupation with other much murkier or ambiguous occupations, including Russia's wholly fictitious "occupation" of Ukraine.  In fact, Israel's crushing, murderous and degrading chokehold on the West Bank and East Jerusalem is one of only two UN-designated "belligerent" occupations in the world (Morocco's in Western Sahara is the other, and of vastly lesser significance to world peace).
The business that has no value attached to it? I get the feeling he IS the business.
My sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried!!
All I wanted to do was get some hoes too :(
The government, having costed such a system, will run a mile rather than go through with it....far too expensive....not only that , but their doctors would  have to join one of the toothed public service unions with all of their benefits and protections as opposed to the defanged impotent OMA which is a corporation and not an Union.
"@tttttt5:disqus\xa0\n\n\xa0 \xa0 You're an idiot. Where did it say anywhere in this article that he was a crooked cop? Oh that's right nowhere..quit being so quick to judge moron."
You're some kind of stupid, aren't you? I saw a hot dog on a picture, quick! let's get my saussage onto some buns! See jow your way of thinking indicates the need for therapy? You should consult, mate...
Why? Why must the bear always die?  OMG people were running in an area that has bears. I hate these stupid ass people who decide the bear should die for being a bear!!!!!
this happens quite often when idiot boy goes off script
I've seen the Foucault pendulum at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, and its movements are entire consistent and predictable assuming a spinning earth.  It doesn't have to be restarted; it's given a little kick every swing by a weak, non-directional magnetic pulse on the wire.  The word is "precess".  Do you own research.  And, precession of the spinning earth under the pull of the sun's gravity causes the north pole to "wobble" as observed, and predicted assuming a spinning earth.  I don't imagine the Standard Map of the World is very popular in Australia.  It's grossly inaccurate because it assumes a flat earth.  According to the Map, Australia is almost 6000 miles from coast to coast, but Expedia shows a non-stop flight (2100 air miles per the spherical earth model) from Perth to Sydney in just over 4 hours - Mach II if you believe the flat earth Map; about 500 mph according to the spherical earth map.
The author should stop ranting illogically and emotionally and read the fact-based article posted yesterday in order to understand this issue more coherently. https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/no-the-google-manifesto-isnt-sexist-or-anti-diversity-its-science/article35903359/
Well fuck u ur just a twat
why don't you bloody Brits, and for that matter all you aliens, keep out of our business.
RT @Stoney_Blu: For example. I can't even say "what's cooler than bein cool? ICE COLD!" Without somebody relating it to A Phi A. No bitch t&#8230;
RT @DeRayDavis: There is no cure for Ratchet. It has to run its course in these bitches.
am going to shoot you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground.    am going to shoot you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground.
I think there is a principle at work here.  No matter how perfect society becomes, there will be those who cry out about monstrous problems.  Note that few hard numbers are given in the editorial regarding how many people die of overdose, and no distinction is made between suicides and unintended action.  I am still pissed that they took the good sudafed off the market because it was the best medicine when I had a cold. Now I must suffer through them without relief.   No, I will not send the $500 or so it costs now to get a prescription.  Opioid's require a prescription already.  Adding more hoops will mean more suffering on the part of people who need pain relief and like the sudafed fiasco will likely lead to little reduction in drug abuse.  After all, heroin is just a street corner or two away.
Don't you fools have jobs all you do bash people who do especially well paying union ones.........glad I am retired. This will end with a deal but unfortunately both sides lose in a strike. GM knocked 7 grand off the Equinox in Detroit,the car is a dog,this is one I can't figure out at all.
While you might think that AE is not the place for discussion, that's clearly not correct.  The template that we use to file RfEs creates a section specifically for discussion.  Why are we inviting editors at AE to engage in discussion if AE isn't the place for discussion? Obviously, that doesn't make any sense.   And, since you brought it up (not me), I strongly disagree that AE discussion is only between administrators and not between anyone else.  Admins are simply editors with an extra bit.  Any uninvolved editors have as much right to participate in the discussions as anyone else.  It is the role of admins to carry out the consensus of these discussions.  Nothing more, nothing less.
EVERYONE BELOW CAN SUCK MY COCK, AS I HAVE A DYNAMIC IP.
No wealth doesn't insulate from being called nigger. But still does improve empirical quality of life outcomes, phenomenally. @Dwight_Dale
Nothing more than "sour grapes," on your part...
No, she was the one who said this, "Looking at a young black woman in the group, I told her: 'I would rather be a black man in America than a black woman in Africa.' ”  The black woman said nothing in reply, but there was an acknowledgment in her eyes that she had heard me. Had she wanted to, I have no doubt that she was capable of responding on her own.?"   This is found documented in her article, "Young Facists COLONIZE PORTLAND"  She also uses her lack of class to say that there is still violence and "It’s home-grown, native-on-native."   Also in the comments section of her article is this awesome comment by her about wanting to vote for Trump to scare people--- I mean guys how can this lady be racist?! hahahaha she is in denial about it though.   I noticed this ladies name on articles before about this restraunt and googled her name. Enjoy her crazy attempt to defend herself after this garbage. http://www.heldtoanswer.com/2016/03/young-fascists-colonize-portland
"@_iwantfranny: He's a hoe , I can't"
Something not quite right, obviously! But, they looked like they knew this was gonna happen and had plenty of time to plan their defense. I guess its gonna boil down to, who's on their hit list?
Obama and Hillary are pro-American.  Trump is a treasonous, dishonest threat to America.
I don't hold feelings for my old flings I jus trade dem bitches in like my old range!! #Cap1
No, I can't.  I don't know that much about cryptocurrency.  I was just marveling at the requirements for 100% reserves.  That alone makes cryptocurrency moot until the law changes.
u think i get impressed by some f@ck!ng swedish @$$hole who has been on Wiki for 2 years? Hell no. Official press releases by Media outlets have been accepted for years now - and so will this one be.
NANA is still kissing Uncle Ted's dead butt. Old habits are hard to break.
For the glory of God, and the good of souls, ordaining celibate women makes more sense than ordaining married men.
OK Then - You know what they say about opinions, right Old Soul ?
I like it when people post links to insightful videos not jokes.
Everything you said is absolutely true, but Dems don't want to hear it. Sadly, if Dems keep this up, then they are destined to lose yet another round of elections.
....except that Immigration levels reached record levels while Kenney was Immigration Minister.     The other fallacy in your post is the missed fact that the Liberals won a surprising majority.     How can that be core voters?     The core Liberal base is a majority?
I WROTE A NEW ONE SO HOP OFF THANKS
With all the new technology around.Seem like radio`s and scanners are getting old. Could the cops just get a new way to comunicate,push a button and pop it on air? Some way to put an amber alert if need be.
Apparently yes he is. Edwin doesn't know what the word 'Alias' means. And yet he is here giving out car advice. Have you every seen or heard anything funnier in your life.
I would think Elagabulus' statement can indeed be verified, simply because it is easily grounded in scientific conclusions themselves based on empirical data. If I read aright, any science-faith dialogue has to begin with the acknowledgment of scientific truths, which leaves plenty of room for speculation, whether faith-inspired or science-inspired. So it is a fact that light travels at a constant speed, but the anthropic principle (that evolution depends on so many happenstances that is must lead to humans) is a matter of vigorous debate. For Dennis Galon and others, facts can also be grounded on cognitional philosophy: whether one has experienced correctly, gained intelligent insights, and made rational judgments.
"fuck off whore"
@ginamariez im an ole bitch in Memphis,tn. and I think u rock also
One drink won't make you drunk, one joint will make you high....bad comparison.....but maybe you were smoking when you posted.
"so...you are saying you know more about football than a hall of fame QB?? I will listen to Rodger "the dodger" Staubach before I listen to an idiot like you"
The US indeed is indeed a major contributor to the UN!  However, the financial benefits of having the UN located in NYC must be considerable!  I suspect the UN is actually on of NYC's most important industries with most of the money coming from foreign countries.
"Why u being such a little bitch chris you ain't six bitch" - Allisons Mom
@ PoiDoggy wrote "...I guess what they say is true: the devil finds work for idle hands."  Which begs the question..where and what is O doing?
Comey is/was a nut job.  After his lengthy detailed press conference in July about the Hillary personal email server investigation and the hard evidence about the probable violation of laws relating to the handling of top secret government information, he recommended no charges be brought against Hillary.  Did the chance meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on an airport tarmac have anything to do with it?
RT @RMcElhenney: New to the game but as I understand it, the first rule of soccer is "whichever team acts more like a bitch shall be awarde&#8230;
aa the usual stupidity of the left which are the true fascist of the world, who want to limit my free speech etc,,  it is the destruction by you and your types the world is moving against bud, keep crying all you want, you are on the way out
A spelling mistake by a moron.
@CommonGayTweets nigga byeeeee lmfao I'll be dammed if a fag stole my girl
your a dickhead asshole.  Why delete all the work I did?
Like a toddler, Trump lacks any self-control. He never grew up, never developed integrity, and utterly lacks leadership ability.  No wonder the world is laughing at him and the US. What kind of country elects such a mentally-disturbed, ignorant fool? Hint. It's not a great one.
Happy New Year Alaska!
Annie.. You crazy hoe &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
Mustang? Mustangs are as Oregonian as is kiwi fruit. Mustangs are descendants of Spanish horses.
I call BS, someone is covering thier butt, that or they are being blackmailed. Maybe clinton at one of thier coked up pedophile orgys got some pictures.
"@adriwadrri: No love for these fuck niggas" hoes*
Even though he's sorta young, he should have known that what he did was a very bad thing, something a "good" citizen wouldn't do.  If the judge wants to be nice, she could give him less than the max 1-year prison sentence, let him spend his summer vacay in OCCC.  It'll be a good learning opportunity.
Must have been a light skin hoe &#8220;@CampaignMindy: Lmfao wtf she mean af &#128557;&#128557;&#8220;@TrickingGawd: HE WASNT READY BRUH RIP!! http://t.co/lJRqrdBMfi&#8221;&#8221;
LOL typical right wing ignorance. Tax cuts for the rich and handouts to Wall Street are your only ideas. Old and tired, long discredited nonsense. It's pathetic and should be embarrassing to sane, normal people. Unfortunately there's nobody that fits that description left in the GOP. They've all been radicalized by Fox News and talk radio extreme right wing fascist propaganda. Hence Donald Trump.
Revert pf Jack Thompson (Attorney)   Why....................that guy sucks ass dude, and a gamer like yourslef must know that lol.If I wernt an IP id revert it lol.72.138.216.89   (Im not actully a bad person on wikis, Im an admin on sevral wikis on wikia, most notably wookieepedia and the WoW wiki, I just do this shit for fun, try it sometime LOL.
I don't care! If someone is charged with an assault in a domestic violence situation AND violates those conditions of release, that person should never, ever have a gun. And he was receiving mental health treatment.
RT @darwinjames125: &#8220;@cali_dx: How black bitches drive when they fav song come on pt 1. &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514; #GoLilStacy &#128514;&#128514; &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514; https://t.co/DKqhxPgoKP&#8221;
RT @ChaRLeZHuSsLe81: Candy Corn &amp; Peeps Are Hoe Candy &#8220;@SimplySoulful: &#8220;@FrancisJstn: Candy Corn Trash&#8221; super trash&#8221;
"Actually just got told to get to my bed. Fuck off Jackie ya old cow."
One day may you get unstuck from stuck on stupid.
According to the state charter and constitution Art. We cannot sell ownership of our oil and gas, just the right to produce it if they find it in "marketable quantities" and at a "reasonable profit".   We contract with extractors to do just that.  If they warehouse our gas leases as they have been,  to the detriment of the state's fiscal health and infrastructure improvement, then the leases are subject to revocation.  When Exxon pushed us they found out and settled agreeing to develop the Pt. Thomson pool gas liquids as tax-free "new oil" under Parnell`s SB21.  They will soon be pumping 75,000 barrels a day "production tax free and subsidized" thanks to SB21.   And it wasn`t lefties who did that..it was your corrupt and conflicted legislative leaders who helped push through the failed SB21..and who are now feeling the wrath of the voters...just like this fellow did... http://www.adn.com/alaska-news/article/senators-challenge-parnell-prove-oil-tax-cuts-are-working-0/2014/06/11/
You should just go back to wavecracker  you sounded somewhat less stupid then. Well wait...
I hate the smell of pot so yes, please, if you're  going to consume it, please vaporize. Can't be good to breathe smoke of any kind.
Yeah this is the standard garbage I read in New Age/alien abduction books and magazines when I was an ignorant teenager.   Someone this fruity has no business in public office.
This "Cultural appropriation " issue runs both ways. By logic then, the drama and literature of Greek, Roman, Western European, English Renaissance and French Baroque can only be modified, acted and dramatized by Western Europeans or those descended from Western Europeans. Anyone else doing such is guilty of "cultural appropriation"
I've seen bicyclists still zipping by on the sidewalks of S. King St. with no regard for pedestrians. Also more mopeds using the bike lane during pau hana traffic. They know enforcement is nil.
"  Well I feel like Im getting ganged up on here, all I wanted to do was add two sentences to an article and I'm forced into arguing with someone over whether or not it should be in the article. If I argue with him then I am ""engaging in personal attacks."" If I dont argue with him then I am not listening to the consensus opinion, which seems to be only him. So basically I am in a lose lose situation and now am banned for no reason. (  )"
@RedNationBlogga fuck those faggots
HAHAHAH IDIOT!!!!  Enjoy time in the slammer.  One less dealer out and about.  Great news.  Great job CCS!!!!
Range Block   Your mom has good ass meat!! 70.251.71.245
I am gonna invest in cheap ocean front ( a few feet above current sea level) on Baffin Island just to cover my bases.  I figure some day people will be vacationing there under swaying palms
We have no money stupid, send then to learn how to live above the Artic Circle.
"Brags about sexual assault"? You mean "brags about the loose women that allowed him to do things to them because he was rich and famous", right? There has not been one woman that's come forward and said he assaulted them, because they were all in it for money, favors, or fame. Hard to spin it any other way once that little tidbit comes to light!
Presumably as long as it takes China to fully respect the rule of law, not just when convenient or when it makes a deal happen, but all the time.
And the Liberal Latte crowd have nothing left except to name call and blame.
"so u a real bitch can u take dis real polish hotdog i got for u "
RT @PABLO_BAAIH: "Good pussy is pussy that makes you really think bout making her breakfast pussy that makes you think about being a father"
I hear ya. It wasn't encouraging to see them re-sign many of the guys from last year's bad team. Maybe the AHL sends some good reinforcements and the bar this year is really low, but I'm still not going to hold my breath.
Probably best that you breeze right past the point I made and went right back into empty platitudes and talking points. Better not to try your hand at actual debate, probably too much work.  Perennial tax cuts arent good stewardship of the economy, good policy, or even a good idea. It's just a handout to donors and a further abandonment of the poor and middle class. It's the same broken record every time and the end result is always the same: the rich get the deepest cuts, the middle class gets the higher burden, and the poor get left without essential and beneficial services. Meanwhile, institutions and infrastructure crumble. All the while, the economic benefits are tepid at best.  It's predictable and hackneyed and it hasn't worked in 30 years.
Merely a human creation, claiming to be divine.  By the way, did you know the word stormtrooper has roots in imperial, and later Nazi, Germany?
@BrendaGisselCA that you got hoes damn
Die Whore   Die you whore.
....until the rooskie get their hands on your personal info'......you and the rest of the morons here would be the first to start bawling
That's right, so you better watch yourself, Canada.
Notwithstanding the brave noises being made by the NDPers here, this is not good news for Rachel Notley.
What a goofy post. Whose name is on the state capitol building? For all I know it's Hopalong Cassidy.
. Just the same, it is incumbent on them to make clear which core measure they are referencing. In fact, the CPIH core measure is probably closer to the mark at the present time than the CPI core measure, not that either is an optimal measure of underling inflation.
Right... GCI "does not profit" from their cable TV services. Tell us all again about that unicorn of a business that gives away service for free?
Or these ridiculous comments above???
now, that's what I call a loft!
When I was 12, my goal for the whole year was to "go beach" from Jan 1st and every day, no miss, until Dec 31. My cousin joined in and that is what we did. On a July day, tutu lady across the street told me,"Eh, no go today.  Go tomorrow." I told her my goal and she said,"Den go Jan 1st next year to make up.  No go today!  No good.  Da sky no good." I thought, yeah..right. "OK.  Tanks tutu lady!" And of course we went beach. Long story short, my paipo board for whatever reason pearled when I was catching a wave and it chopped me right to the throat. I couldn't breathe and knew I was gonna drown. This was at Kewalos so in those days, it was a long swim in (not by Panics but to the left side). The next thing I knew my face was on the rocks by the parking lot and I could stand. Somehow now I could breathe but couldn't remember how I got brought in so far from where I was. I thanked God and counted myself lucky. I walked past tutu lady's house and all she said was, "I tole you stupid!"
While these are not new issues we also have to be careful in that we have to acknowledge between when Skype might be an appropriate option and when it is not.  Those in the community that need the services the most are the ones that are at risk during this divisive strike. Medical appointments, mental health issues, job interviews and some very sensitive needs cannot be placed in the Skype category.  There is a lot to do to ensure that the Deaf, deafened and hard of hearing community is able to play on a level field.  Take 911 access for example; while a hearing person can simply dial 911 and gain access to emergency services - those with a hearing loss cannot. We fall way behind in equal access in many ways.  As far as I can recall - access is defined by those that have the disability according to The Human Rights Code - not by those who manage the agency. If Skype is not for me I should be allowed to make that known and present my preference for access to uphold my dignity, my right.
Geev em trumpers!  Drain the swamp, lol
Do you give blowjob discounts to wikipedia members?
Republicans are hypocrites when it comes to debt.  Bad for Obama but good for Trump
Oooo! A real zinger from the puddles plaster! I'm reeling from the blow...  LMAO.
Unlikely that the properties average 300k per.
The operative word in this piece is "ILLEGAL," which isn't uttered one time in this long, long article. He's a moron and this will put the welcome mat down for all illegals to come here, because they'll be protected. This is ridiculous and should be stopped immediately.
RT @OhhMyyTodd: &#8220;@ItsNotHarold: I say if a girl got 7 bodies or more and she 20 or younger she a hoe&#8221; this one not up for debate
Rather than nationalize it, buy News Corp., you may do well, over time. Dividend is slightly less than Fed's 5 year junk paper.  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/markets/stocks/summary/?q=NWS-Q  http://investors.newscorp.com/stockquote.cfm
Wow that is one expensive trip to posture and pander, as if Alaska is closed to development. Yeah those rules and regs they are in place so we don't destroy the land scape of Alaska, so we have clear air and clean water.  Those clowns don't care, they don't live here, and who is a bigger beauracrat than Don Young? Without rules we could have beautiful oil wells off the Homer Spit and an Open pit mine at Wonder Lake, no thanks. The truth is resource development is dying and the guys are looking for someone to blame so they can keep their jobs. We see these every year Don Young brings a bunch of Washington people up all under the guise of pointing fingers and getting stuff done, in reality, the Silvers are running and you are paying for it.
Surely the Liberals have something better to do than introduce legislation like this.
" Back to bragging I see.  You don't even have a clue as to what my credentials are, because ignore all fucking credentials.  We don't give a shit about anyone's credentials.  OK, if Richard Dawkins (and we were able to confirm it was him) showed up, then I might bow to his superior knowledge of the field.  But you're just some guy on the internet, no different than I (oh wait, maybe not), so all I can say is that you're fighting a battle by personal attack and not by logic.  You have a bug up your tight ass about me.  You'll note that I don't give a shit.  You have convinced not one of the anti-creationists here of your arguments.  Not one.  You focus on me because you realize I don't fucking like your methods.  So, two suggestions.  Get over  yourself, no one cares if you're a professor of anything at whatever religious university you're at.  Two, quit the personal attacks.  Because you don't say ""Jesus Fucking Christ you're a loser"" doesn't make you civil, it just makes you passive aggressive.  Like the little passive aggressive shit you left on my talk page.   Talk• Contributions "
Stubborn to the point of stupidity, or stupid to the point of stubborness?
What's that you say?  You're totally stupid and ignorant.  OK than.
Let me text my hoes gm or sumpin
Subject matter doesn't hold you back with your snark.
RT @rodill_: niggas passing up good girls for hoes.
Bless your heart, dear! Apparently you have a soft spot for old Dave seeing as you think he should still be living. The man is a piece of trash. The KKK is full of them, and all deserve what is coming to them when they are judged in the next life.
Clean air idiots. You'll breathe smog and like it, by gum! That said, I think our smog problems come more from the increasing number of cars we drive up and down the front range than they do new wells. While cars are getting cleaner due to stronger emissions standards, the sheer number of them adds up. And those simpletons who make their cars pollute on purpose don't help.
That doesn't mean the candidate is better; it only reflects the mentality of the voters, and that frightens me:  Stuck on stupid for sure.
Spoken like the typical elitist liberal whose world is one where only his thoughts are righteous and true, and anything counter to his views are "dense" "ignorance" and "stupidity".
i never knew a mother so heartless and such a bitch, if it were my mother she would have been popped on foh
Duh. Didn't you read the article?
We obviously are this dumb. We keep voting liberal. I would not be surprised at all to see them win again. In fact, I'm thinking of voting for them (for the first time) to spite the people who put them there for the last generation and then moving away when they win. Ontario is a basket case.
You are a fucking cunt and a half. I hope your mother's vagina is raped with a chainsaw, you shit-eating pedophile.
Tell it to Junior...it warrants a hug.
Part 3 we have chosen to pay our teachers on the same scale as our pastors - honoring, and rightfully so, their importance.  And, we have chosen to heavily subsidize the local school from church offering money.  If, as a result of Point 1 above, we have fewer people invested in the life of the local church, then in practical terms, we have killed the Goose that Laid the Golden Egg - and subsidy money will no longer be able to flow from the church to the school.    3.  Traditionally, in the history of our church, the local school was viewed as a contributing party in the larger evangelistic outreach of the church - not as the prime and often sole type of evangelism of the church.  Sadly, most studies of the church have revealed that when a church begins to make the conversion of their children their primary form of evantelism, the church quickly begins to wither and die.  On the other hand, when the children are actively, regularly involved in the life of the church, both flourish.
Saving the planet, one golf course at a time?  o_x
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
B.S.
In Canada, the unemployment rates for men are higher than the unemployment rates for women.  So there is a larger problem here in Canada that affects both sexes.  Maybe the author should look at the larger problem?
"i will fuckin kill u in real life track u down than shove a katana u ur ass just bcuz we asians r smarted than u dicks doesnt mean u could beat him up i swear i will be at chicago in 2 hours"
Ain't karma a bitch?
Hi! and Fuck You!   Eat shit, fucktard.
" Seriously, which 100% complete ass had the 100% completely idiotic idea to call this article ""Death of Neda Agha-Soltan""???  You call it by her name and indicate that she became famous for the manner of her death.  Doh. 74.233.165.176  "
Trumps reaction to this is troubling. Such childish petulance from the guy with the nuclear codes. I have no hope trump will change. That's pure fantasy in my opinion. A leopard doesn't change its spots, and certainly not overnight. The best the american public can do is be vigilant and don't let him get away with any BS. Its now your job to babysit the man baby you elected.
What about the lying, petty bullying aspects of Trump's personality, or is this superficial insult the only aspect of this article that you find worthy of comment? It's a gratuitous shot, sure, but far tamer than many of the insults spewed by the presidential oompa-loompa  - sorry, sometimes, it's just too easy - but you see, the point is that Trump is a clown and these so-called ad-hominem attacks maybe are not gratuitous, it's the printed form of an op-ed cartoon because when a man's behaviour is cartoonish, this is the very least of what should be expected.
Yes...and the first one called Mr. Trump a 'moron'...
Sounds good, Maya87.  But since we're into a "brave new world," I'd do a little revision on the truism stated (source: the Bible?  Marx? Anyway...)   "From each according to his passion, to each according to his needs."    Because, if you've got the passion, chances are very good you'll develop the ability. The passionate may not always be satisfied with their achievements, but their achievements are often head-and-shoulders about the rest.
AppoloBoy Sucks big fat elephant dicks....
"Listen you fucking wanker -- we approve all comments, so long as they are not inflammatory against a type of people. We censor blatant bigotry. But little dickwrinkles like you calling me a pussy? I'd never censor that. Look at other posts...people have wished AIDS on me dude, so...I've heard worse fuckhead.That said, if you have to sleep with a woman in her 60s, then that's pretty sad, dude. Try dating girls your own age. It's kind of weird you're into way older chicks. You might wanna rethink hugging your own mom when you have a boner going forward.Plus, I have had more ass than every male in your entire family line -- with their fucked up teeth and small dicks -- has ever seen. Just a point of clarification, you bucket of cunt slop."
Great comment coming from someone who claims to have been a lawyer.  Guilty until proven innocent.  Yes,I know you did not say he was guilty of anything, but you certainly are suggesting he has or will do something to justify impeachment.
What about all of us who used to live in the neighborhood but are all out in the numbers and Gresham area? Can u open 2 more? One in st. Johns area and one out here in gresham/Troutdale area... They have a lot of spots for mini restaurants avail... I don't go to Portland unless I have to which is rare since everything is out here except a STOOPID BURGER!
sicko   You sick bastard. You make me sick.
A sad start for our unelected Premier. He best hope that Mr Wilson doesn't sue for damages. This episode and the cash for access golf tournament fiasco and they haven't even entered the legislature yet. Perhaps it is a subtle reminder why they were left with only 2 seats after the last time they were in government.
A well place good swift kick, in the right circumstances, is not "fighting back," but ending the battle with the nuclear option. ;-}
I didn't say Trump was "far right". I said your GOP is.
Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them .
The PM's actions  will impact the NAFTA deal. There is nothing the spins can do about it. The American public always supports their soldiers and that's that! Senate and House members will go with public opinion. Bet on it!
The statement about which you were bitching
Me, too! Of course, I feel outnumbered in this state where its 90% Democrat. Hopefully, that will change some day soon!
Well, when Paprocki drives people away from the Church, the last sentence you quote seems hypocritical.
Southey writes a column on giraffes and over 2 days later she has all of 14 comments. If she writers on on Harper (who?) she gets hundreds. Almost all Southey' comments are either pointing out what a poor writer she is, or people attacking those pointing this out (but not defending her indefensible output)  If a columnist in the G&M writes about Trump, the Republican Party, or Harper and the Conservatives, they can expect hundreds of posters. The nearly 300 posts here confirm it.   What it conclusively proves is not that these are good columns or writers, it is that people want a place to vent and demonstrate their own opinions and confirm bias'
What about men who would like some pain relief, improved mood and energy level, improved mood and energy levels, and anti-aging properties –  The only drawback I see is the increased milk production.
FUCK YOU ALL, LOSERS   FUCK OFF MY PAGE, FAGS
Disrupt-er in Chief
SISTER MARCHES  Sister Marches are solidarity events inspired by the Women's March on Washington, and organized by volunteers around the world. If you can't make it to Washington, D.C. on January 21, join or host a Sister March near you.  NUMBER OF MARCHES: 616  SISTER MARCHERS (EST): 1,364,010
Drop Dead and accept facebook pages   Deeside College is a mother fucking spunk dunk pottery which is held at User:GaryColemanFan .com and likes to suck Georg Hackenschmidt of and doesn't accept facebook Groups like the official Facebook Professional Wrestling Hall Of Fame
Shoji commented the Wahines would prevail, but he also hit it on the head that this may be Poly's best team. Been watching some of their matches,they may go undefeated in conference. Most of their matches were 3-0 wins. However, i think if UH can can win out this week end they may have a chance to win conference. Will be interesting.
They want *other people* to be taxed more and they want to reap the benefits of redistribution of that money by a leftist, anti-American government. Example: See California. Most people don't know how much tax-payers subsidize Hollywood or that the government (fed and state) gives "special account processes" to Hollywood production companies that are *not* available to any other business or individuals. The left considers tax-payers to be deluded and stupid so leftist leaders have no problem raping the fruits of their labors to support themselves and their "causes".
Obama/Bide got 42% of the vote. No reason why Clinton/Kaine can't do as well or better. Stock and Lindbeck also.
| class= start | importance= high
2006 (UTC)  I have restored the crap towns mention. whilst i do not necessariy agree with the comments above it is a notable book with its own listing on Wikipedia, and a notable fact about the city. 14:54, 4 December
" Per WP:NLIST:  ""Furthermore, every entry in any such list requires a reliable source attesting to the fact that the named person is a member of the listed group.""  WP:BURDEN say when you add the info, you provide the source.  The Dissident Aggressor "
“the earth abideth forever,"-- One of the most profound yet readable books I  know, "Earth Abides" (1949)  by George R.  Stewart imagines a world where the Earth just can't take any more of our exploding population and technological waste....a sudden virus eliminates most of the human population... Yet it has a positive and  intriguing theme.   However, back at that time Stewart could not have known  how our oceans would be taken over by masses  of non-degradable   plastic...
If you can propose a system to stop guys like this from committing violence, this gun owner is listening.  No, I can't account for any idiot breaking laws.  And I see no proof that laws stop every idiot.
The European experience shows us that societies can only tolerate so much cultural change and that they value the existing traditions of their culture.    When too much pressure is applied to the cultural status quo you get results like we are seeing in Europe.  A lesson for all liberal governments to be aware of.
Just can't wait to kill someone?
Cldwell ran out of credibility a long, long time ago.  I wish he would stop stomping around like a little kid having a temper tantrum trying to get his parents to buy him that new toy he just saw.
I suppose "the Institute of Fiscal Studies and Democracy" is the Department of Economics in reality. Why are universities using this Orwellian language?   The article didn't really propose much, just a few generalities. It goes without saying that we want our health care system to work better.
Nothing wrong with having guns, just weapons of mass destruction like guns with huge clips. Guns that had to be reloaded by hand IE bolt, lever action, and pump are not nearly as bad as the modern assault rifle. As far as Young and doing stupid actions, he should retire before he faces the shame of defeat, he's really disgusting anymore.
Junior is as dumb as a bag of hammers slamming trump yet again.....who would invest in this socialistic cesspool.
As  long as his health is good,  Dems  may have to wait   8 years.
Blah blah blah...it's very difficult to understand your broad brushstoke generalities about "the MSM" and "covering what the mainstream media won't"  Cite some concrete examples, please.    And while you're at it, please decouple his lies from what (few, if any) truths he has, and explain his propensity for publishing [and failing to recant] outright lies.
Both of them hoes losers and need to hit the gym
Inbreeding
u r mean as hell   fuck u lol AMIRITE
I suspect that it is you with some hidden reasons are trying to blacklist the best poems site  Someone is spamming the site 'best poems' from various different IP addresses over many months. It is a generic commercial poetry site that generates revenues from advertising and offers links to poetry text. It offers no unique value. [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] [17] There are many more examples of spammed articles, mostly American. When deleted as spam and policy refs given, the editor jumps to another IP and re-adds [18]. The site would seem to deserve a spam black listing. Thanks Span (talk)       summary          * best-poems.net: Linksearch en - meta - de - fr - simple - wikt:en - wikt:fr • MER-C Cross-wiki • Reports: Links on en - COIBot - COIBot-Local • Discussions: tracked - advanced • Meta: SRB-XWiki - COIBot-Local - COIBot-XWiki - Wikipedia: en - fr - de • Google: search • Veinor pages • meta • Yahoo: backlinks • Domain: domaintools • AboutUs.org • DomainsDB.net • Alexa • OnSameHost.com • WhosOnMyServer.com      Adsense google_ad_client = pub-5815837753304072      Spam Article          * Best Poems Encyclopedia (edit|talk|history|links|watch|logs)          Accounts      CRumens (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • count • COIBot • user page logs • x-wiki • status • Edit filter search • Google)     197.200.53.53 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.51.6 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.52.190 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.60.104 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.57.157 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.48.234 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.54.227 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.56.62 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.50.180 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.56.6 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.55.3 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.50.80 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.52.141 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.49.31 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.63.193 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user page • COIBot • count • block log • x-wiki • Edit filter search || WHOIS • RDNS • traceroute • ippages.com • robtex.com • tor • Google • AboutUs)     197.200.63.22 (talk • contribs • deleted contribs • what links to user
I don't think the PC police have got that one into the algorithm yet.  They've been off for the long weekend, you know.
That's pretty funny and you are correct! We do color our hair! Now employers cover that issue too-as do some schools. No 'Funny colored' or 'unnatural colored' hair! Written right in the employee dress code handbook. My goodness, we are a sensitive society on some funny things sometimes!  But I will also say, in some cases, first impressions or the nature of the job iself (so safety) can make a differeence so some items (clothing, hair, piercings, tats etc)  would not be appropriate on first impression in some businesses.
True, Trudeau promised an end to cronyism in appointments to government positions.   But nobody with an age and an IQ above 18 believed him on this.  Nobody believed him because the Liberals, as Jean Chretien once proudly observed, are the party of pragmatism and are not bogged down by ideology.  Translated, this means they are united not by ideology but by winning and keeping power and using it to further their own interests (which they consider the nation's interests).  The Liberals look after their own first and better than more ideological parties.  Yes, the other parties do too but the Liberals do this more frequently and more generously.  Secondly, nobody believed the PM on this switch from patronage to merit based appointments because there is so little merit in current Liberal appointments starting with the PM and cabinet.  Ask a Liberal what performance relevant qualifications for their portfolios most ministers in this cabinet offer.  (Pack a lunch if you expect an answer.)
Only a left wing moron could write such a ridiculous headline.  How about " Why do virtually all terrorists turn out to be MUSLIMS?"
Raitt is poisoned by her roles in the Harper government. "Sexy isotopes" and her undemocratic actions in the Canada Post and Air Canada labour disruptions are baggage that are hard for her to shed. Likewise, Bernier leaving Cabinet papers for months at his biker-chick girlfriend's place and bad-mouthing an Afghan regional governor while on an official visit to Afghanistan for starters - even Harper booted him from Cabinet. Scheer was a useless Speaker and yet another social conservative from the West - the CPC needs to change the channel but seems stuck in denial of why it lost in 2015.
Total waste of tax payers, (our) money. Nuclear is a fraction of the cost & your lights will come on every time you flip the switch! STOP wasting tax payers money on this crap.
It'll be interesting to see what payback Putin receives for helping Trump. I suspect it will be related to Trump's businesses, as there's no evidence Putin would want to advance the USA's geopolitical interests.  Trump owes Putin a major favour. We should view all relations between Trump and Putin through that lens.
" I was about to suggest that the maths desk is a rarified enviroment, and that it lacks a sufficiently large ""ecosystem"" to prevent cabin fever breaking out.. A corollary of that was that I went to look to see if MeniRosenfeld was still on the desks - but what horror you've fallen out with him too.. How the fuck did you manage that? MeniRosenfeld is the nicest person I've never met. Anyway don't take that as an insult, but as confirmation of my cabin fever theory. I think the maths desk might benefit from a few 'semi-competent idiots' amongst all the brains - I've been 'shot at' by MichaelHardy for perceived errors on that desk the last time I was there - it could end becoming a sort of gentlemen's club - invitation only .. which doesn't really match it's purpose. I've had issues with my perception of people 'demonstrating their superiority' rather than 'actual trying to help the questioner' in the past - though that is my purely subjective view.end of essay83.100.251.196  "
The disrespect certain NFL players have been showing for the national anthem (and thus what it stands for) has been a big story for 15 months.  Did Trump pile onto it?  Absolutely.  So what?  Again, I know you guys are obsessed with Trump and want to make everything about him, but this was news well before he became president.  The issue is NFL players intentionally and purposefully disrespecting the anthem.  And this lame excuse that "the national anthem isn't alive so it feels no disrespect!!!" is as disingenuous as it gets.  Everyone knows damn well what's being referred to when we talk about them showing disrespect for the national anthem.  Good grief.  And I already told you I wouldn't say anything to a fan in the stands that refuses to stand for the national anthem.  Yes, it's possible they're a citizen of another country just visiting.  Pretty unlikely, but possible.
"Haney you suck as a painter...keep your day job...wait you suck at that too"
RT @SenseiQuan: Hoes ain't shit RT @Now_Thats_Fresh: How superficial bitches are http://t.co/KIN2P59NjE
#1  bare walls were required by St Bernard for churches of his Order, so hardly Protestant, I believe the wary Capuchin constitutions required the same.  # 2  the apostles didn't use chrism as it hadn't been invented yet as as for the oils they used for anointing, it was probably plain olive oil, just like everyone used for any kind of anointing in their homes.   It seems like you, as many of the rad trad types,  think that Jesus laid down every trapping of the Mediaeval Church and it was all set in stone for eternity.   That isn't how it works and never has.  The apostles were for the most part poor working class men, they used what the had and working class folks in this days used plain olive oil, plain simple bread and plain grape wine and plain ordinary water.  There were novestments, no gold chalices, no fancy perfumed oils, no churches, no clerical dress and no nit picking theology.  The church of the apostles was nothing like what you think it was.
HARVARD... In a meta-analysis, researchers from Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH) and China Medical University in Shenyang for the first time combined 27 studies and found strong indications that fluoride may adversely affect cognitive development in children. Based on the findings, the authors say that this risk should not be ignored, and that more research on fluoride’s impact on the developing brain is warranted. “Fluoride seems to fit in with lead, mercury, and other poisons that cause chemical brain drain,” Grandjean says. “The effect of each toxicant may seem small, but the combined damage on a population scale can be serious, especially because the brain power of the next generation is crucial to all of us.”
Hillary should face a firing squad . This is high treason.
"@KottiKaDottiisthenameofGod:disqus That's what I find funny.. how people think that because I believe in God, that means that I am supposed to just stand there and take whatever people hand to me. No, I am not out indulging in petty arguments or living ANY kind way.\xa0 If something were to come my way, it would be because they are LOOKING to cause me harm. My Bible tells me to protect my annointing with my life. =) That's why I feel comfortable calling you Uncle Tom. You are the "negro" who acts and thinks just as white folks would have you to.\xa0 They used the Christian faith to make brothers and sisters submit... What people DON'T mention is that THAT is why they didn't want slaves learning to read and write. They might've read that Word and couped!\xa0 It didn't happen because God has much BIGGER plans for people who have misused His teachings."
RT @StuffKaySays_: I come off like a total bitch, but if I like you I will literally do anything for you.
hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moronhi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moronhi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron hi moron
Allie said,,,,, scary area!
Like everything else trump has promised...it's a lie.
Football the only thing I got! no bae I don't got no hoes, they all come and go!! time to just start focusing on something that's real
The SARS PR is Sandile Memela, "journalist, writer, cultural critic, columnist and civil servant".
This is just the beginning. When the CBR runs out in 18 months, look for a GREAT recession, like 1986, when real estate priced dropped 50%. Hundreds of businesses failed. Banks failed. Thousands of people left the state.  Or we will either have to tap the Permanent Fund, implement an income/sales tax, or all three. We could cut EVERY state employee, and still not balance the budget.  Time to grow up, and realize the FREE ride is over.
I'm cute with or without the makeup &amp; eyelashes &#128076;&#128524; y'all bitches depend on that shit
RT @david_marchese: Johnny Cash turned down "The Gambler." Guess you could say he didn't know when to ho . . . never mind.  http://t.co/gMK&#8230;
Bullshit.  Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit.  First of all, Martin's fetish for Whiz Bang's overpriced sundaes aside, a "soft serve" comparison should be about the soft serve, not about sundaes where you cover up the heart of the product with a bunch of other crap.  You should have had a vanilla cone at each as a baseline for comparison and then maybe recommended some other stuff that each place does especially well, if there was something.  (btw, a friend and ice cream lover went with his family for the first time Whiz Bang this week.  They had a sundae and cone.  He said it should be called "Whiz Bust".  You guys are nuts.  Fucking nuts.)
That doesn't stop professional soldiers from missing their targets all the damn time no matter how many times you tell them what they did wrong.
It's at least as civil as this post you made.
Our Democrats are taxing us to DEATH...
Rebel Media is merely the official propaganda arm of the far right in Canada. Ezra Levant solicits crowdfunding donations supposedly to promote free speech, but apparently it's only free speech if it represents the ultra right point of view. It's censorship if you disagree with him or if he gets his wrist slapped for stepping outside the rules. What should one expect from someone who at various stages of his "journalism" career, has been a fracking pimp, a tobacco pimp, a liar, a purveyor of selective value systems and most of all a hypocrite?
Would y'all just take this article for what it is? Someone giving their opinion and hopefully giving some advice to people that haven't been to these places? He's not trying to re-write the freaking bible!
Maybe the CIA is working on this already, but it seems like surgical drone strikes to take out Un should be attempted.  He's a fat kid, should be easy to hit him.
I'm pretty sure even the most partisan of Liberal Party supporters don't think it will win every one of the next 30 or 40 elections, Mr. Nerds.
It's unbelievable to me that there are Americans who refused to kill the okies. That means all Americans weak willed trash.
It's a misnomer to call these people far right. They don't represent any political party of significance.
Swedes are the racist trolls. They support the illegal Arabian occupation of Judea and Samaria.   Every damned European needs to be gassed.
Good one, thanks!
Every time I read a comment that says "The good news is we can replace many of the legislators this Fall" I have to laugh out loud. Replace them with who? The other equally pitiful group that want's all their free stuff and that is in the pockets of the unions, and welfare takers?  The fact is we need to replace each and every one of them with people that aren't professional liars (that means no lawyers, bankers, judges, to start with) and set term limits. Until that's done nothing will change no matter you who are rooting for. Alaskans and Americans are not the concern of politicians, they are concerned with enriching themselves, ALL OF THEM.
People might be more sympathetic to the argument  except for the fact that the Denali commission has spent decades pumping hundreds of millions of federal dollars into these same villages with no noticeable effect.
As was pointed out by one of the protesters, Trump didn't lose the popular vote. He alt-won it!
Isn't that the definition of a hero? Self sacrifice for your country?
You might want to get off the soap box long enough to read what is happening to GLBT folks in Africa, Islamic countries, South East Asia, India and Russia.  Religious fundamentalists of many stripes pile on GLBT to distract themselves from their own failures.  It's dangerous to be GLBT in these areas....far more dangerous than being a conservative Christian in this country.
Nah. But as far up your ass as you are, the sun don't shine at all, does it? 71.125.130.14
Fuck the club. Especially Dallas clubs. Nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas.
Born:  1946 Ordained priest: 1974 Ordained bishop:  1999
China tried for years and was condemned by the world,  as long as the government gives money to people based on the amount of children they have it will not stop,  welfare is part of the problem with population as is lack of education.
anal turds   lololololololol
I almost ran this fine red bitch over.
I believe the Governor's line item veto is in the AK constitution.  When a state statute and the state constitution clash the constitution wins.
How many lives has he ruined ? He will be held accountable for quite a lot.
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
My point, yes.
The only tech and IT people out of work are those who don't have the required skills or are just not bright enough. There is plenty of work available for quality employees and that may require hiring international talent.
If all it takes is a couple of thousands of dollars to 'access' the PM. I would do so ten times over IF I was allowed to yell 2 inches from his face about what a dim witted moron he is.  Ten times.  Then, I would take my $20 grand and donate it to a real charity and not the bs ones that Justin is funneling OUR money into some bogus scheme he claims is legit.
Islam is not a nationality, it is a religion.  But let us note that Trump did say that he had no problem allowing a Scottish Muslim into the U.S.  http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/his-words-donald-trump-muslim-ban-deportations-n599901
This is a 15 year old girl.  She has an medical condition that has revealed itself thru behavior.  This is why we need mental health coverage.  Please don't throw her away and will do that by just looking at the crime and not the situation.  Treat her.  SOmething has twisted this young lost soul, offer her help and mentor her.  This is not an evil person .........no witches here so please: no drowning or burned at the stake.  I've read a few of the comments: do violence to her, she's demented/stupid cause ALL folks living in CG are sexual predators and I had to stop.    The comments made my stomach hurt more than the pupper dying.
And the separatist fools come out from hiding again...
So silly. This article has nothing to do with politics, perfect time to bash Trudeau?  You are what's wrong with the internet.
sexy ass bitch eating a fry @DoublerOrNothin http://t.co/GtFlfGRmTz
The military employs historians to document the actions of Canadian Armed Forces in peacekeeping and at war. What was Sajjan thinking taking credit for an action that he should have known would be well documented? Also, someone commented that within the military making a false statement like this is very damaging to your reputation. That is absolutely correct. You are basically shunned. He will have lost so much credibility with both line and staff officers that at best he will only be tolerated.. He should resign.
Good for you, Dermot! I once skied at Birch Hill at 33 below, but I missed my chance to top (bottom?) that. Had I known it was that cold at Birch Hill, I would have made the effort. Instead, I went running at our house when it was a mere 30 below. So, you didn't say. Did you skate or classic?
So what are the changes needed for small independent operators? I curious, and sincerely want to know.
......because they still receive benefits from an educated populace?  duh
If they really want to .improve the economic picture for depressed rural and industrial areas, they'd better not make tax cuts their first policy initiative. Decent, well-paid jobs would help a whole lot more. So, Trump, how do you propose to make this happen?
"   Deaths in December 2013   Hi Wylie, you might like to make an early start on ""flipping"" Deaths in December 2013 as there is no seven-day period of transition at the end of the year. Regards,   "
Sob stories? It's sad what is happening to real people. This isn't theoretical. It may work out in the end, but it's still incredibly stressful for those who are being toyed with.   Good luck developing those empathy skills. Or even rudimentary social skills.
"You are such an idiot. Not that I disagree with this particular post, but nevertheless, youre a bafoon. That is all."
Excessive stupidity defending the indefensible. Yet, here you are........................
HilLIARy is a bitch and Michelle O is a tranny
BUT HEY I AM TAY AND I DO HAVE AIDS WTF YOU GUYS ARE FASCISTS
Why is there even a statute of limitations on this crime? Nonsense!
stupid head   YOur dumb and you are stupid die die die go suck a butt
"Amercanaized moron, check google maps then edit your crap post"
Season ticket holder for over 20 years and this sadly reminds me of Rex Ryan and the Jets offenses.
What works? What do you mean by that? Do you even know, or is that just another empty headed slogan as you march with dunderheaded masses off of the cliff of stupidity?
They broadcast PHONY REPORTS DAILY.  That's what they do, ON PURPOSE.  They INTENTIONALLY MISLEAD THEIR IGNORANT VIEWERS.
charles dalton: "They (the GOP) never planned to make healthcare available and affordable to all Americans."  Really? I hadn't heard that. Source/link?
I live in sunny southern California.  I wish 90% of the drivers already had and used driver assist capabilities in their vehicles because most of them can't drive now.  Many have moved here to get away from rain or snowy climates as they can't drive safely in wet conditions.  Well they can't drive safely in dry conditions either!  Sadly the worst drivers will never activate any driver assist features.  They don't used cruise control now as they're afraid of it.  They are afraid it will run out of control.  We need vehicles that communicate with each other as well as their occupants.  They should require the occupant to enter a specific destination and then sit back and enjoy the ride .  Then we'd see less checker boarding, traffic light running and erratic speeds everywhere.  I love driving but hate having to drive on our congested highways and surface streets.  Give me a car with fully automated driving and navigation and I'd use it all the time.
1) But, she didn't. 2) She isn't the president at the current time.  Your attitude tells me one of two things.....that either you're OK with candidates of either party doing this, or you're OK with Trump doing it, but would be throwing a tantrum if HRC did it.  Which is it?
Layla4: Despite the fact that it's midwinter, the Libs must be feeling the heat. Although M-103 was introduced a while ago, I guess they figure there's no time like the present to prove their cred to their preferred identify communities. But in mainstream Canada (which Trudeau doesn't believe exists if his past comments are any indication) it appears Lib support is dropping like a stone. According to what is the the only national poll so far that was conducted entirely within the month of Feb. 2017, the Libs and (leaderless) Cons are now tied at 34% and the Trudeau government's approval rating has sunk below 40%. To steal a line from the Letterkenny commercial that's currently running, 'that's a real ouchie, bro.'   https://www.campaignresearch.ca/feb-9-2017-national-ballot/
"  RE: Page protection The simple answer, I don't like twinkle. It is extremely overused for every action that people can do with their own hands. .™ Grammatically incorrect? Correct it!  "
penis   penis pensis
Trump is beginning to look like an economic clown.  His nation has little excess capacity and is at or even beyond 'natural' rates of unemployment (if the figures the US publishes haven't been fudged.)  Therefore, he can expect rising prices, particularly with labour.  Soon, US business will be patriotically moved to purchase more expensive US manufactured inputs relative to foreign manufactured inputs, thus driving inflation further.  This will also reduce US exports and an increase in the US trade deficit which he claims other countries are responsible for when it is actually a function of market prices and policy.  Real estate people apparently make poor economists, they always expect their investment to appreciate out of thin air.
White people are dumb, you import third worlders and pander to terrorist scum. No wonder the west is doomed.
How can you be so right on in some areas and so vile in others?
Every good wish to Major General Silveria in his new post.
Hopefully the harassment and bullying of school boards around the province will go away with this new election and with the Supreme Court forcing the BCliberals to get the educational funding in place now, that should have been on going since 2002. Superintendents have had a hard time adhering to the Victoria nonsense and education 'orders' for the last 16 years.  Get school boards in place quickly because anything left to district's administration will have CC all over it. The Supers, Asst. Supers, Principals, Vice principals and all the top heavies at school boards won't blow their noses unless Victoria gives them permission! All that money thrown at admin. for them to sit in offices in case a parent or teacher might meet them and want to discuss something sensible. What a bunch!
I'm certain Ruddy was acting on behalf of Trump, floating a trial balloon to see what the reaction would be.  Trump did not say it specifically, but give him time. He can't seem to control his mouth or Tweets.
Someone didn't learn to express herself, clearly.
I don't have to know anything about you personally to be unerringly certain that you have no idea how Police Officers are trained.  Your ignorance is evident in your original post and adding the alphabet to your name doesn't change it.
Rule number one never pursue a bitch from da ova side
@Not the Alliance  So why were the NDP and Liberals MP's like Paul Martin attacking Harper while in Mexico trying to score political points about Brenda Martin despite there being over 100 documented occurrences of a government official conducting meetings and offering assistance to her ........  many which she refused all while the opposition blasted the Conservatives repeatedly falsely accusing them of inaction.  Why did Mulcair speak against Keystone XL and Canadian interests while in Washington?   Their behavior certainly wasn't representing CANADA.  Your continuous hypocrisy is par for the course.
WHO WERE THE ALUMNAE PLAYING?
No ban snorkels... Ban tourists from snorkeling!
Hey Riana  Does it suck to know that even strangers think you are a dried up old shrew? 66.77.102.10
Tony Parker is making Norris Cole his bitch with the one on one, or just takin him off the dribble an breaking some damn ankles! #GoSpursGo
IMO, Comey and Mueller probably engage in 'pillow-talk' whenever they get the chance hide away from prying eyes.....
RT @willyroast2: yo girl pussy stank @SoloExMachina This tweet stinks RT @willyroast2: There is no suck thing as a faithful bitch in Washin&#8230;
Lmao chill spook RT @BakeGriffin You think you Better than niggas cause you in Miami you &#252;ber colored Faggot @BmoreHumble?
Trumps, revitalization of American Manufacturing has ended. After eight executives quit the council Donald Trump shut down the council. He did this even though he stated he had other executives chomping at the bit to replace those that left. . WHY, Trump stated “Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. We want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about, they're outside of the country. They're having a lot of their product made outside." They are "Grand standers". . Why the sudden change? It couldn't be because these executives don't support Trump's position on Charlottesville? Oh no, it's because they do not take their job seriously. I believe they saw him for who he is and walked away.  Didn't he seek out these executives, isn't the American Manufacturing Council Donald Trumps own product? Before Charlottesville these were good people, after bad.  .
Yep, and we all know why: "In 2008, Donald Trump Jr. attended a real estate conference, where he stated that  Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia."
WITHOUT consensus? Who the fuck do you think you are? I have to ask for permission to add a useful comment in the body of an article? This sounds like discrimination against a specific individual and makes absolutely no sense. Now fuck off, I'll add it if I want to idiot.
Very good; filling but not overly so. Minimal ingredients
How stupid would a person have to be to fall for this?
sorry for the typos- sticking keyboard!! ,,, "distant" past, and "unwarranted arrogance" ...
"you're a sick fuck."
Then you don't know your medicine or your catechism.
I Have A Tight Asshole And Hate Fun
It is clear that " you are thy brother's keeper" and " do unto others ..." are not mottos stitched on your pillows. Helping Africa to more self suffiency, saving millions ...MILLIONS of people from starvation and death (and a Food War problem in the future) because of likely a materialist want, not need? At least you are not starving to death, watching your children dying before you very eyes, as you wait in line for free medical care.
Are you sure it isn't Stephen Harper's fault?
" cant you see these hoes wont change "
But to start with build the damn wall and keep the damn illegal mexican immigrants OUT.  Quit looking like a fool blaming Trump for trying to fix a BIG problem with the Democrats doing everything in their trick bag to screw things up. They are screwing things up for America.
Doug,  I do not recall any of their utterances regarding small businesses as suggesting they are not paying their fair share of taxes.   What I recall is the claim that the top 2% income earners are using the small business tax system for tax avoidance.  The small business tax rules were created to promote business, not to provide a tax loophole for the uber rich.
RT @mirijuana__: &#8220;@1BookieG: Hoes always say they a "rider" bitch stfu and ride this dick&#8221; lmaoooooooooooooooooooo &#128557;
Perhaps this idiot should explain first why he deleted a legit sound file? And acts oppositionally defiant without reading the valid fair use criteria posted allover the place.
Umm, when was the last time Holland was hit by a hurricane?
Let's see ... she would have been 15 when Anita Hill needed her testimony, so I imagine she was in high school.
These days it's not worth hanging out at Tantalus. More perps driving by looking for victims. Can't beat the old days.
as opposed to taking over all our companies and taking our resources as has been done for the last 50 or so years?  I would also like to point out that unlike the previous government, this government is not a one man show.
You don't claim to be any minority, then your lineage in Hawaii is from the missionary stock or lunas?  Punahou or HPA graduate?  The very people who sought to prevent Asian and Hawaiians from asserting their rights as US citizens?  Nice to meet the new generation of oppressors.
yup. it'll probably work like a charm too. throw in some smoke n' mirror in n. korea and ...see you later, ukrainian sovereignty.
block and give me one more chance. Thank you.}}
RT @iAmLekan_: Lmaoo nigger is scared &#128540; &#8220;@Damolabond: So results are supposed to be out today Lol lol&#8221;
People who play #roleplayinggames are human filth and don't deserve the same respect you'd give a mosquito. They're soulless gutter trash.
Lela, for an educated lady and a writter you certainly seem ignorant of basic facts.
There is a difference between being tolerant and being stupid.  She and her supporters want America  to be stupid.
The world is mad.
PS: Kardashian Kudos to the Post for editing story and reinserting ass...so to speak.    Say, since we're talkin': kind of a big hole in this story: exactly why is DJ boy suing Swift? What did she do that torted him all up? You got some 'splainin' to do here. Where/when did she allege this stuff that he's suing her over?    'nuther thing: You got this standing there as if it's a fact in the story;;; better attribute it up the ass: "Mueller then thrust his hand underneath her dress, latched onto her bottom, and held on even though she moved away from him, leaning closer to Melcher."
Rick. consider this: First, all (8) of my $1 M+clients pay my firm no more than .8% per year. Of that I get 75%. So, for exactly $1m, my gross revenue is $6,000. Out of that amount I have numerous unavoidable costs (licenses, provincial registries (3) fees, E and O Insurance, office expenses and a shared admin assistant.  I have a $16m book and have never had a taxable income of more than $71K
Not my idea, but I like it: "In the name of mending fences with the Democratic Party, Trump should offer Hillary Clinton the post of Ambassador to Libya.  He could nudge her under the auspices of 'you broke it, you bought it'".
Hello,my name is Arianna Gretman,and i am ten years old  i love Minecraft,space,and my favorite tree in the backyard.
The bitches act like they don't be in the club with they ass all out in too little ass skirts &amp; shorts giving em yeast infections n shit.
RT @Just2Savage: This height shit aint cute at all. Yall some dumb hoes going out in public looking like Jack and the bean stalk. &#128514; http://&#8230;
alaska has to be the most corrupt state in all 50.. "Mack said prior lack of "good faith development" by ConocoPhillips is not an indication of current intent".. what does it mean then?    this not how a lease works..   these leases should be put back on the shelf and conocophillips can bid on them.. along with any other bidders
I'm moving this to the talk page.
How stupid can people be? Newsflash, she wasn't talking about you. The world does not revolve around you.
I am so saddened to hear of this ! Will be adding my support to the go fund me site.
"Forreal Black - You are an A-HOLE"
I dislike being the only one who's willing to say this, but the discourses of white nationalists, misogynists, homophobes, religious fanatics and those who seek the destruction of the living planet should NOT be tolerated.   The groups that practice these discourses are still around and they have a long, sad history: of oppressing and killing people of color, women and gays, of poisoning our water and air, disrupting the climate, destroying biodiversity and ecosystems, and of rationalizing extinctions as good for business.   To discourage those discourses because of their prior history is not "censorship"; it's merely good sense. Those who don't learn history's lesson must repeat them. Your right to swing your fist ends at my nose. Your right to cry "Fire!" in a crowded theater is not protected by the Constitutions, etc.   Pluralism does not mean that racism, religious fanaticism and ecocide are treated equally with all other ideologies and interests.
When I read this, my first thought was "oh that idiot."  But on reflection, I realized that his supporters will pick up this refrain, without evidence, without question.  Trump's not an idiot, but he depends on idiots.  And there will be people here crying that just saying such a thing is what caused people to vote for Trump.  Again, see end of last paragraph.
Half of my posts disappear on a regular basis in articles like this. Political correctness runs amok...
"FUCK YOU."
I am sick of racist blacks. Boycott pro sports!!
Are the negotiations going well? Probably not. Do we care what the neo con, in bed with the corporations, shun the free press, ruined the future prospects for middle and lower income Canadians former CEO of Canada, Harper, thinks? No.
Alaska has $60 Billion to take it's time to find a good way to encourage Alaskans and others to drill, find and sell oil and produce more oil for a profit, this can fill the Trans Alaska Pipeline, build a gas line and  fill the government with and the Permanent Fund with more oil royalty income. If oil prices go back up that will be even better!  The sky is not falling with $60 billion in the PF and the CBR the state is not broke like some say! Oil is King so don't kill the cash cow, right?
Call me ghetto if you want but I'm walking to and from class with my bonnet on my hair.
Stupid people suck.  Someday you will have only your fate to face, and there will be no warmth in, nor sanctuary from the cold hate in your heart.  Hell is a state of mind.  Enjoy it.
This story is about the opposite. Observant Muslims would retire to a private space for short private prayer, ------------- except Virtulem forgets this private prayer is held in a public school, where prayers of no other religion are said  the same public schools that prohibit the Lord's prayer and Christmas Nativity scenes in a predominantly Christian heritage country known as "my Canada"  perhaps public schools should have Nativity scenes next christmas non-Christians need not attend but I am sure many would not mind attending
"so, the pit bull attach was okay because the collie should have been on a farm.\xa0 MORON."
If Donald Trump were the patient of a psychoanalyst, that doctor would insist that he be hospitalized before attempting psychoanalytic treatment. A working therapeutic relationship requires that the patient have control over his impulses.  Why a hospital setting? Because the people who behave like President Trump require hospitalization - even if against their will. The hospital offers structure and supervision of impulsive people, and helps restrict dangerous behavior until patients can contain their urges and think clearly.  An idiot was elected president, and the world knows it.
a fire, you worthless, friendless bastard. I hate you.
Yea, they were just in it for the money. Oh wait.  "Marshall’s family members said they wanted to force changes in how sheriff’s deputies treat mentally ill inmates.  “If what happened to Michael can lead to changes in the jail system that will protect people in the future, then we will not have lost him in vain,” niece Kisha McFarland said in a statement."  "The settlement also includes provisions that require changes to city policies and training and staffing at the Denver Sheriff Department, which manages the city’s two jails."
RT @StarlitoDonTrip: I'm just looking for a bitch that can hold me down
"That d \nBe \nGreat \n\nExcept for , you shouldn't use the word " WE" \nYou re a pat het ic loser     , living from oa y Che que to pay Che que \n\nHaiti \nDoesn't \nNeed \nYou \n\nI doubt you can even help yourself .\n\nThank you"
Not. Buying. It. If something like what you claim happened, you guys would have caught it on video in a heartbeat.
A wise man once said "Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue nd shit"
Their numbers, not mine. Even when I use their numbers it's silly.
the crazy left reminds people of ISIS tearing down the ancient relics in Iraq.
Margaret, another great article.  Well said!
I'm laughing out loud!
Recruiting is usually part of TA not HR, BTW.
More, as in costing Oahu ratepayers more. This is really nothing more than old boy network incest.
Unfortunately for you and for the rest of us, you are completely ignorant of the facts. Overall, undocumented immigrants  pay huge sums of money into our taxes and Social Security, which most will never get back. Overall, they are only half as likely to commit crimes as citizens of the same age and sex. They pay rent and buy food, clothing and consumer goods, stimulating our economy. Read up about it on the SS, Treasury, CBO and other government websites; that is, if you have any desire to fill your vacant head with facts. And certainly, no one on the DACA list has committed a crime. Aside from that, I wouldn't consider giving an awful, stupid and hateful person such as you the time of day.
Justin Trudeau, like his father was, is "post-nationalist".  Which means that he honestly believes that his mandate as PM of Canada commits him to look out for the interests of citizens of other nations  to almost the same degree, and arguably to a greater degree in some instances, than the interests of Canadians.  None of this 'looking out for Number 1", flag waving, jingoism nonsense for Trudeau. .  Which would be just fine, if every other nation took the same approach, which absolutely none of them do.
Let these people shoot each other. They're doing us a favor. By the way, I used to work in that building when it was a brewery.
Isn't the official motto of the LPC -  "Feelings, nothing more than feelings"
If I lost a family member/friend, social media would be the least of my concerns. If your feelings are hurt by social media/comment boards you probably should avoid both.
"I KNOW my shoes dirty as fuck, whatever, bitch. You don't have to call!"  Like, negro... one of the first things they LOOK at is shoes, dog
How you look like big bad mama but make fun of a pretty bitch wow where they do that at ? http://t.co/l7LhRuSG3n
Mazie, when it really hurts, you'll be the first one to know and there'll be no ignoring it.
I think you've been deluded into thinking such things. Again, Trump has NOTHING to do with Obamacare, until he actually changes it, which has not taken place yet due to the resistance from virtually everyone else.
Kill yourself! Fuckin' bastard!
Right on Smokin' Joe very true .
Hojjat al-Islam Mojtaba Zonour, a former advisor to the Supreme Leader’s representative to the IRGC actually threatened that Iran could use its missiles to destroy 36 different U.S. military bases. He singled out the U.S. Fifth Fleet headquarters in Bahrain specifically, and said Iran could flatten it.
yes, that all sucked, and republicans were pure as snow...
Has the word "idiot" ever been applied to you publicly? If not it is long overdue. Your argument is ludicrous, anything you say is simply a waste of bandwidth.
{{unblock|''what did i do!!!!!?!?!?}}
Not only do you come from a remarkable family but your grandmother who's set an example of sacrifice, empathy, love and compassion is truly an inspiration!  Well done Grandma Jamile! Well written Alani! 👍🏼💕
@survivedby @rootsarecertain I figured I was just shocked out hoe old that tweet was lol
Well, in that case, kill them all!  They have no business here.
To CNN's Jake Tapper: Attacking the media does nothing for the troops, country, BUT it makes the American people smile! BTW President Trump is taking care of the troops unlike his predecessor, but I guess you haven't noticed since you and CNN don't cover the news anymore.
too bad ur a pussy
Cite a source where Muslims are trying to make stoning homosexuals or sluts not crimes in the U.S. And if you need sources of Christians trying to influence our laws based on their dogma, just ask.
When the poor steal from the rich they call it crime; when the rich steal from the poor they call it "sound fiscal policy."
Freaking moron!
From only the information you've provided, it really looks like you have no idea how lucky you've been in your life.  I'm incredibly curious what line of work you're in that lets a young high school drop-out manage a down payment on a house and start building a retirement account.    I know there are jobs out there that can do it, but they tend to be either highly cyclical with a lot of risk of layoffs and unemployment or incredibly dangerous (and in many cases both).    Kudos to you for apparently being very successful.  But the average income for a high school drop out is somewhere around $20,000.00.  Even on the tightest of budgets, scrapping together a 20% down payment for a house is a tough thing to do.
Couldn't she invite some of the social services that pick up things to look over the stuff and take anything they want?  Might be some useful things for someone else.  Or put up an ad telling people to come help themselves.  It would save on the price of having it all hauled away.  Whatever is left then have that hauled away.
since the topic of this comment thread has evolved into a general discussion of law, justice, Hawai'i and the US I'd like to remind everyone that the US violated its diplomatic treaty with the Hawaiian Kingdom in 1893 when it committed an unprovoked, undeclared act of war against a peaceful, neutral ally, the Hawaiian Kingdom, in order to support a treasonous coup d'etat which was planned and carried out in collaboration with the US government by a group of 13 self-avowed American/Hawaiian white supremacist racists, the Committee of Safety, whose stated purposr was to take iver the Hawaiian government because, as non-whites, Hawaiians were inferior subhumans who did not have the intelligence to govern themselves even though Polynesians had been governing themselves for thousands of years, had developed a complex society with an advanced food production system, the ahupua'a system and the ability to voyage the length and breadth of the vast Pacific without instruments.
The article is basically stupid.
"Alaska will pay each resident a $1,022 Permanent Fund dividend this year, in spite of the state's multibillion-dollar budget deficit."  What are they talking about, "in spite of..." One has nothing to do with the other!
Justin Trudeau should be charged with treason for aiding and abetting the enemy.  He is an embarrassment to Canada.
Who cares what does this article have to do with Djou we talking about the mayor. Sound like the mayor anytime he gets busted blames other people. Did this guy Dylan apply for city contracts . Go back to getting paid by Kirk neenz for your troll Post or is the lex who is also a paid gun works for Kirk and also get city law contract .. keep It up nick might do a article about lex smith too. Campaign manager and his firm makes money off city work
The Trumpster continues with the "drunken tourist style of diplomacy", and proves yet again that he's an ignorant lout. For a majority of Americans he's the greatest embarrassment of our time and for the rest he's just the greatest because he tells it like it is, which of course is ridiculous because the man has proven himself to be a pathological liar; as are many in his administration who have lied on their security clearance forms, and for some damn reason they haven't had their security clearances pulled yet.
2007 litter act sect 11 is shit, try qld leg with amendmants
RT @LiveAndUncut: if you really wanna please your man, seeing him pleased Gon turn you on. but you know, bitches aint really what they clai&#8230;
Your article is trash lol
Thorp was extremely fortunate to be thrown clear and survive a high speed wreck. Most of the time, the person wearing the seatbelt survives, not the one who isn't wearing one.
Let the airlines bid for the seats if they want to bump passengers. That process has worked for decades. If they are stupid enough to drag me from my seat I will sue them right down to their shorts.
Cash for access is a phrase coined by the Globe for Liberal fundraisers and evidently only Liberal fundraisers. It is mentioned in passing that most of the money was raised while the Liberals were the third party and and also that the Conservatives had exactly the same fundraisers with the same limits when they were in power and now that they are in opposition yet the Conservative fund raisers are not labeled cash for access; it is not the practice in general that the Globe castigates but only when it is on behalf of the Liberals.   That these fundraisers were and are routine with the Conservatives without a murmur by the Globe is an indication that this is not genuine reporting but rather partisan gotcha against a party and a government they still resent for defeating the party they endorsed.
flood zones have nothing to do with the EPA or Obama.   A little basic knowledge can go a long ways
President Barack Obama said America is “horrified” by the shootings, which have no possible justification. He called them “vicious, calculated and despicable.”
Truth:  I'm going to guess you were not the targeted audience of this opinion piece.  I read this as more of a public health, economic development and a pragmatic environmental stewardship piece.  Extreme left, such as where you fit and the extreme right wasn't his audience.  This was carefully crafted for the large group that are center left and center right that are pragmatists.
Yeah Denver is going to be a derailment with its caboose going first down a long, sliding track. Vance Joseph never struck me as a legitimate leader. Why he found the favor of John Elway? Who knows. Like you say, though, Joseph is full of himself. Denver had the courtesy to let Rick Dennison, offensive coordinator, and Gary Kubiak, big dummy in a big job, go. However, we now see Kubiak, like an adoring lap dog, trotting around The House of the Horse. Dennison has been exiled to Buffalo, the Siberia of the NFL. Joseph can only say the right thing so many times before he says the wrong thing. As far as Kyle Sloter is concerned, Sloter definitely made a good impression Thursday night and deserves a shot to replace "The Big Bust" Paxton Lynch or overrun "The Big Dolt" Trevor Siemian. Denver deserves the best quarterback it can obtain by hook, crook or crime. Sloter is knocking at the door, let him in.
This bugs me: "Individuals could later choose to register for a party or opt out." Well, how about the choice of NOT picking a party? Undeclared and independent, are choices not given here. People will feel it's a party or opt-out with nothing inbetween! Smooth move, Caldwell.
@RBesofii  Cants even fool a colored man wit dis bullshit http://t.co/gtln1tpMgi
Guess What?!?!   your retarded!
" For eg, the references for the Belgian charts, Ultratop is italicized which it shouldn't being an online source and similar cases, like FIMI, MegaCharts etc. I will format them if you like. —  (talk2me) "
If California Chrome doesn't go off at even money or better I might flip a trash can over I mean damn can I get 6-5? Oh the humanity!
Lovin hoes but thats same bitch we put the pipe in. She suckin dick, thats the same bitch you give goodnight kiss
120. If, however, for this purpose, private resources do not suffice, it is the duty of the public authority to supply for the insufficient forces of individual effort, particularly in a matter which is of such importance to the common weal, touching as it does the maintenance of the family and married people. If families, particularly those in which there are many children, have not suitable dwellings; if the husband cannot find employment and means of livelihood; if the necessities of life cannot be purchased except at exorbitant prices;
If Yahoo! asked for the banner, it's advertising, then it sucks.  If some fellas at the WikiFoundation / Wikipedia decide to be courteous and acknowledge their generosity, then it's alright. Just my 2 cents ....  09:39, 10 Apr 2005 (UTC)
Why do we let these agressive semi drivers get away with (potential) murder?  I see it all the time.  Semi drivers over the speed limit on curvy roads.
Me an' Earl was haulin' chickens on a flatbed out of Wiggins, and we'd spent all night on the uphill side of thirty-seven miles of hell called Wolf Creek Pass. Which is up on the Great Divide?  I looked at Earl and his eyes was wide, his lip was curled, and his leg was fried. And his hand was froze to the wheel like a tongue to a sled in the middle of a blizzard. I says, "Earl, I'm not the type to complain; but the time has come for me to explain that if you don't apply some brake real soon, they're gonna have to pick us up with a stick and a spoon."  Well, Earl rared back, and cocked his leg, stepped as down as hard as he could on the brake, and the pedal went clear to the floor and stayed there, right there on the floor. He said it was sorta like steppin' on a plum.  Thank you C.W. McCall. Now I'll think beer rather than chicken when I hear this song.
"  The basic concept section is now completely pathetic.  With statements such as, ""It is sometimes incorrectly said that the user location is at the intersection of three spheres"", it is pathetic.  How could anybody who understands the navigation equations make such a statement as that.  The solution of the navigation equations locates the user at the intersection of n spheres so it is certainly at the intersection of 3 spheres.  Apparently some people just want to show their ignorance by making statements such as this.    "
ERIC----YOU are a MORON WEATHER or NOT is HOW NIGERS and MUSLUMS TALK--- WHAT R  U----
When are they going to impeach this clown?  I'm not interested in hearing about  the constant stream of toxic waste coming from his mouth and twitter account.
People are so efin stupid. I hope the fines are hefty.
Rowan, read the Initial post again, the OP isn't talking only about children.
Jackson and Croft here are some things you can work on that would please the residence of Anchorage. How about our community drug problem that's killing the youth of America, Anchorage is awash in hard narcotics. The Homeless family's, building a stronger police force many other more important issues Crime out of control and you two are worried over where motor homes park
How does an astroturf group allow itself "to be" hijacked? Wasn't it born that way?
I don't know but if a comment is civil and even polite and makes a good point and you say it is civil but then get flagged for not saying the comment was uncivil then made to promise to judge fairly... never mind I'm too confused to continue. That whole 3 questions thing you have to go through every time you post is ridiculous to say the least. They are like some kind of behavior modification thought police. Who are these guys anyways?
"anything but honest". Does no one help you to read your material before you hit submit?
OK....A good end point perhaps :)  Please tell me our banks are not leveraged 20 to 1 btw And while you are at it could you comment on how much of their own $$ they DO put into the market....and in what way ??
i notice that Mr Trudeau often gets the " kinder gentler" comments format , which will eliminate much dissenssion of opinion in the comments  (and the useless name calling  -- true) As for the incident  couple things-- the Liberals seem very confident , they are counting on the rank anf file snoozing through ( which they will) and .. so a million bucks buys you a bank registration  ... cool   , seems cheap
Well damn. I was born in that former hospital.  I will be sad to see it torn down.
dumass got himself killed. now we have to go through the because im black excuse. cops have no idea what he reached into his truck for. idiot should have laid down soon as the guns came out. you dont ignore cops or anyone with a gun drawn. stupid idiot would still be here if he knew how to listen. his own damn fault no pity from me. good ridance.
"How can you possibly be such an ass hole all the time? Jesus, this is exhausting. People that say they have big dicks generally have small ones. Hahah, believe it or not, I defended your bitch ass when you first joined the website. Pussy."
Well I have known about hio for years, never dared enter the site till the leaf hab rivalry could once again resurrect. Now that we are past the cusp of saying game on every game we face for the foreseeable future, the site is going to Facebook only posting. Well I’m out after wendsaday as I don’t use these social sites and would rather stay anonymous. I won’t bother with a fake Facebook account. Shame things were interesting but I expect as all post sites that use facebook, you can expect the demise of the hio site. Plus expect to be charged next year. Adios and go leafs go
False. You can have Puerto Rican nationality if you want and it is only a title. It has no official recognition anywhere in the world.
Stupid people use the silly term "African American" in a desperate attempt to be politically-correct.  They don't realize that Africa is a continent - not a country.  Omar Sharif is from Egypt but lived here. Dave Matthews and Charlize Theron moved here from South Africa. I guess that makes them all African Americans!  What do you call a black guy in Canada? An African Canadian? An African North American?  Some folks just can't think for themselves.
And when they grow up, and no body wants to watch them any more, what happens then? Their self worth goes to crap I guess. This is almost child abuse.
I love that Mazie is kicking the silly Trump's behind. You go girl!
They would only turn to robbery,  break in, or assault  to cover the cost. Because the have a diseeeeease. And everything should be free. What a load.
What books are you reading? This flag symbolizes things a fair and democratic society should despise: slavery, violence, theft of life, property and dignity. Now, if Mein Kampf is the sort of 'history book' you are referring to, then perhaps that would explain your version of history and your affinity for this flag.
Read and consider the point of the conference for a start.
No. That's what you call it when the person doing the investigation carries out said investigation without fear of or favour to the person(s) being investigated. Impartial, in a word.
I'm a made man, y'all pussy niggas in the middle.
Raymond Trombley, I fully agree.  Keep Waikiki in Waikiki.  Do not expand into the neighborhood.  Let Waikiki sow what it has reaped, good or bad.  Locals were ignored all these years so hardly go there anymore.  Waikiki is for the tourists.  Not locals.  Keep it that way!
I'm doing fine, thanks.  Not much left on the mortgage, and lots set aside.  It's amazing what you can afford when you don't have to spend a large proportion of your income on interest.
RT @thaboyrich: &#128073;&#128073;RT @NYSAnimal It used to be a shame to be hoe/prostitute, with social media they call it hustling lol
" Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is particularly eager to attract more investment from China"   And why is that exactly? Why more foreign students, more TFW's more 10 years visas and all just for China? Why is it no intrepid reporter has started digging into this? Why China to the exclusion of India, Australia, Germany, Brazil, South Africa, Britain....?
dear michele bachman... shut the fuck up you crazy bitch.
" Yet they've both shown their contempt for the rule of law."  Contempt for the rule of law doesn't apply to Obama, of course. His 1,927 pardons/commutations were the act of a true defender of such.
The writer has gotta have family capital invested in Willamette Week. It's the only explanation for something so obnoxious being in your pages.
Fuck bitches get money mission complete!
Trump folded like a wet paper bag with China, he'll fold with the immigration issue as well (after much push-back from the mega-corps). Why would anyone take him at his word after the last two days?
This entire story is probably fictiticous. The Washington Post has been famous for fabricating numerous stories (later proven false) in the interest of discrediting Trump.  The Corporate Media have little to no trust  left. Where is the coverage of the Seth Rich story that he was the leak of the DNC emails to Wikileaks.  This would mean yet another false story of "Russians hacking the election."
Pro-life is code for Republican in most circles and is properly understood as sending doctors to jail (which you really can’t do outside the right-wing spin machine without jailing women). The pro-life left must face the fact that the movement is about the expansion of criminal law and most of us will have no part of it. Pro-life feminists need a new name because their friends are ugly.  The Tea Party, in reality, was a wing of the GOP. This movement is a wing of the Democrats. It is the Democratic Party that needs an economic message. Look to Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders for that. The question is whether the Clintonians will, who were well represented Saturday, will go along. Of course, Sanders and Warren don’t really go far enough. Real socialist cooperativism is more than the Democrats can handle.
"   2015 hip hop 3   hahaha im the 10 year old? pussy bitch, you the same nigga with the name ""Drizzy010"" so you just love Drake. Shit you probably the same nigga that catches feelings listening to that bitch ass Drake, OVHOE!!!!! Just accept that there are people with higher rated albums than him. THANKS."
If yall niggas gon be gay, why yall gotta be so over the top? Dressing up in bitch shit that women wouldnt even dare wear. Smh.
RT @ItsDLow: Now I gotta ask bitches for nudes on Facebook. &#128530;
@HeilSidious @dyldobaggenss whatta you fags doin?
Your an idiot......The most crucial guy......common man its Tyrrell Crosby....Again Idiot
This whole region is completely laden with drug addled scum
@immSpeed whatchu gon do bout it bitch
That was already tried once. It was called the Great Mahele.
Who the hell do you think you are? You're not judge, jury and executioner! That article got deleted entirely outside any valid processes, and you commented on the article, spouted a whole lot of inaccurate garbage and then arbitrarily closed it off, all by yourself. That's fucking ridiculous.- () Wolfkeeper (Talk)
Now you've done it! Hot button!!! Maxed!!! Notability makes my teeth hurt, and blood boil. I argued vociferously against it, at least in what they were looking at in literature, and to also construe that a recent work has to have third party coverage, like a published  source isn't capable of being checked and quoted, boggles my mind. So we have hoards of people making decisions about popular cultural articles... articles which attract readers to our pages (My kids and their friends usually check things first or nearly so here, when looking something up... we should celebrate that cultural link, not kill it off!) when they don't have the first clue as to how hard it is to get published, much less hit fiftyith on the NYT best sellers or some such list. And so forth. Charmed articles are unnotable because they reached only 4-6 million households the eight years the series ran... when a publisher is delighted selling 100,000 copies! Oh my aching logic trees! Sigh.
What a friggin idiot, YOU bought in a neighborhood with an HOA, you signed a purchase agreement and HOA docs when you bought your house.  YOU are in the wrong, not the HOA.  If you don't like the rules move to another neighorhood with no HOA.
alcest.  you are nothing but a hate trump hate conservative driven lunatic, no one cares what idiots like you think
Yup, my thoughts exactly.
Oala, you are so sad.  You keep beating that drum for Trumpy.  Dumb is as dumb does.
Ottawa, Alberta join forces to sell B.C. on Trans Mountain pipeline   Do  the LGBTQTs2 communities of Canad know about this?  What if the trans don't want to go?
Well,  you can't ban stupid.
Seth Meyers nailed it: Donald Trump based his political career on a racist lie, because he is a racist, and a liar.
Lmao! RT @HUMonTHESE Harden look like the last air bender out this bitch. http://t.co/jN8exkXf
You start us off, Jenkins, (…you fatuous bozo.)
Unfortunately I agree with you.  The opportunity is ripe for the Republicans to win the White House but they need a viable candidate and T is not it.  Too bad because with a viable candidate it would be a slam dunk for the R's.  As it is now it is nothing but a crap shoot.
RT @TheNudesGod: It kills me when Bitches think that just BC they got a low body count that they not a hoe
The Liberal party is in shambles? Thanks for the chuckle. They have a majority, they continue to lead by 9% in the polls and they are confident they'll win in 2019. If that's a shambles then most private corporations would be happy to be in that state.
Well said luv2ski. Your experience and attitude mirrors mine.
Stupid people.  I don't understand the points on the license when a motor vehicle isn't involved.  Is this a new thing?
"It takes a complex set of competences and professional abilities," he said. "We have asked the pope to create an office to train people who can respond, as we must, to people."  So far, victims of sexual abuse by priests have met with a Kafkaesque response from the Vatican bureaucracy.   Ideally this office would be staffed by victims themselves so that other victims could get an actual response and not bureaucratic doublespeak.
eat shit get rid of goofs you queers.
2,000 years ago there were no "Canadian" but Canada's Christian civilization and heritage goes back 2,000 years
"\xa0why dont you keep your waywardness and extreme ignorance to yourself and grow a brain in the main time. Better still go back to school, get some awareness, broaden your information horizon and re join the rest of humanity. You and your demented IQ is on the same level as an ape."
Ronin006: After the Trump campaign paid his firm $50,000, Futerfas, a criminal defense attorney best known for representing four of New York's organized crime families, announced that he was representing Fredo. Would paying $50,000 to Futerfas be a legitimate legal expense for the campaign if it's not related to Fredo's Russian meeting? Or are you suggesting that Fredo has other, campaign-related legal troubles that we don't know about yet?
I would love come an help with the growth of mountain Village my husband is from there his niece an nephews are in that photo I have been telling my hubby for years we should go there an open a restaurant an bakery we are coming back to Alaska hopefully before Christmas an we think mountain village would be awesome place to start a bakery or we could make them in Anchorage an take them to our family over there an friends there too someone needs to help we can start with little steps an maybe jump use fossil fuels or cut a tree plant a tree I grew up fire wood makes best cooking on wood stoves ..
@OMGitsKariC ima call his retarded ass
What they really need to do is fix the skyrocketing costs of prescription meds, and replace the FDA with something that does more than just serve Big Pharma.  Google "colchicine".  A plant based drug that has been in the pharmacopoeia since the 1500's.  In 2006 the FDA removed it due to lack of recent medical studies.  It was a generic priced at $.09 per pill.  A company took advantage, did a quick study on it, patented it, and raised the price 2000%.  And we want these idiots to be in charge of healthcare?  We want THEM to be in charge of single-payer healthcare?  What could go wrong?
"  It's pretty clear that what we have here is a divide between those on the eastern side of the Atlantic Ocean and those on the western side (with a notable exception of a person from Israel with an understandable leaning towards usage in North America) and that due to systemic bias inherent in the system that the western side is going to win out, despite nearly 500 years of history. What really gets me though is the mantra from some people who say ""I've never heard it as anything but Rio de La Plata"", as if that ignorance was something to be proud of. I'm out of here.   "
Where do you live, you little shit?   Give us your address and we'll come and kill you, you fuck
19.9-71 Billion ( with a B ) is the record, somebody should punch her in the face
Yeah, it stinks, but that's still no excuse to be a moron and say inflammatory things on a crowded plane while in flight. The police should have pistol whipped this guy just for being a dumb a**.
The president is part of the GOVERNMENT, genius.  Boom!  Superknucklehead.
Excellent!   I was worried they'd back down but actually they went even farther than expected.  Great leadership by feds!
Then show me the vagina.
Sounds like some stupid, liberal, scientist, Chinese plot to take manufacturing jobs away from Dogpatch USA to me...
Another STUPID move by stupid people who think they know best but in reality they know JACK.
She's already mastered the art of speaking out of both sides of her mouth.
I remember being the only one outside the Satiricon as it was demolished. I knew then at that moment life in Portland had done a leap of some kind, jumping the proverbial culture gap and where it was landing I had no idea.
So many posters in this seem to use it as a strategy to attack Trump and really do not seem to care about the incident itself.  Maybe the alt-left needs some soul searching?
Donald Drumpf is narcissistic, racist,misogynistic,perverted and suffers from the ignorance of arrogance compounded by the arrogance of ignorance and is fast becoming a boil on the ass of humanity.
the tolerant left on display folks
Normally, I'm quicker than most to get outraged when the City adds yet another regressive fixed base charge to every household, rich and poor alike.  But this time, I think the new charge is both moderate and very sensible.  If the City loses its current fire insurance rating, as it definitely will if we don't fix staffing, we will all pay a much bigger $ penalty than this in insurance premium hikes (which also get passed on in rent increases).  Adding four good local jobs, which will feed our economy while it makes our community safer, just makes sense.  And it's cheap at the price.  It's also important to remember that when any major catastrophe happens, it's the Fire Department that bears the brunt of rescuing people from cave-ins, dealing with hazmat incidents, treating the injured and getting them to hospital  --  I'm saying that this is not a good function to economize on.  We need these guys.
I think this is an overstatement.  As I state above, he was quite silent during the previous two homophobic popes.  What he has written here is, for me, nothing more than a Rodney King, "can't we all get along?"
RT @babyjaypops: "@BreadTruckkBri: Why everybody sayin I don't listen &#128557;&#128514;&#128557;"u don't bitch u gone learn one day
"  OMG! The article on Jose Antonio Vargas has been ""vandalized"" by someone editing in the FACT that he's been detained by immigration officials. Hurry! Stop this vandalism now!"
Fuck this. Wesley, Outrigger, and latterly, Johnbod,  life is short. ;-0
Bastered You Bastered Bastered You Bastered Bastered You Bastered Bastered You Bastered Bastered You Bastered  Bastered You Bastered  Bastered You Bastered
The "stupid stunt" is the result of another stupid stunt engineered by the drama teacher in Bytown.
"   ""Artist's rendering"" removed   I removed the ""artist's rendering"" and the derivatives of said rendering because it was of very poor quality.  IMHO, it is better to have no illustration than such a poor quality rendering.    "
Today's example of how Hillary was right, regarding district 31 in Northern Virginia:  "...Elizabeth Guzman wants to give a drivers license to illegal aliens. Then they and even criminals will have the ID they need to buy a gun.....don't buy Guzman's plan that will make our neighborhood more dangerous..."   Well, at least republicans are finally admitting that guns make a place more dangerous. Progress!
The person is obviously a moron.  Pay no heed.  It's the usual IQ of the left activist.
Removing my edits   You are a fucking bastard. There was no reason to remove what I added to the great intelligence and list of Doctor Who villians pages. You stuck up arsehole. Can you understand what this means? I think I've simplified it enough for a dullard like you. I you still struggle to understand, I suggest you return to the yank equivalent of playgroup and restart your education. My additions were relevant. There is no reason not to include things not from the TV, Doctor Who is also a radio series, many novels, play etc. stop editing Doctor Who articles you don't know anything about the show. Thick stuck-up prick.
Who will volunteer to be first in line when the dispensary first opens?
My point regarding Senators is that they are not representative of the States that they come from. The question could be fairly asked; "if we live in a democracy, why should California only get two Senators when Alaska also gets two?" The simple answer is that we don't live in a democracy.  If we got rid of the Electoral College the next thing some people would want to get rid of is the the limit of only two Senators per State. Then States like Alaska would have no influence on a National level, we'd be run exclusively by the urban regions on both coasts.
Wrong spelling, wrong word, wrong case. Stick to pig latin.
Is he on heroin or just really stupid? The person who called the police is a heroine unless she's a guy then he's a hero. Gender identity politics can get really confusing.
>>... clearly amounts to finger pointing accusations by the author.  'Disservice' is too mild a word. It is blatant one sided coverage. . There are Muslims writers in Canada (writing on the subject), who for 'some' reason don't get published in this paper, instead we have this author and  the likes .. .. They always write following a simple template - "we condemn terrorism ( when perpetrated by Islamist).. but it is YOUR fault",  and "it is YOUR fault again" ( when a nut job gets pushed over the edge and  goes out for revenge). ... The important thing is to repeat "Islamophobia", "Islamophobia", "Islamophobia" ... and drive the agenda.
Lol. Richard, I doubt you've ever done anything humble in your life. ;-)  You can call it what you want, but if bob wants to be understood when discussing it with others, he might as well know the term that people use.    There have been very few cases in which the notwithstanding clause has been in question, and the issue wasn't all that difficult to resolve (as legal issues go at that level.)
You silly rabbit.. But I've begun to notice how it's sometimes annoying to see how limited the Wikipedia software is.
Ain't no bitch doe
No time for bitch niggas.
Last time I looked, it will cost around $15/gas unit to get the LNG to tidewater, but the market is paying $7.00/unit,- then the price went lower. This obsession with the Pipe Dream will be yet another financial undoing of all Alaskans. The short time winners will be the construction companies, etc. The long & short time losers will be all long-time Alaskans.
Russian meddling is not new. Obama has ignored it for years.  The devastating loss to Trump can't possibly be the fault of Obama policies and a lousy candidate with a poor strategy.  Thus the focus on Comey, Russians, fake news, abolishment of the electoral college, etc.   Get over it!
"The future of corrupt dictatorships, certainly"  One of the ironies I see is all the Trump supporters swinging for the fences about anyone who doesn't fall into line as being a "Leftie" and yet I look at Trump and I all see Hugo Chavez - and everyone knows how Chavez's family made out like bandits
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
And that alone should have derailed JPII's canonization and why I will never refer to him as anything but JP the great Enabler, and that only when I am trying to be charitable and the same for Ratzinger.  They are both evil for the way they handled the abuse and covering ups,   without even starting on how much they harmed the church and the world in their other policies, words and actions.  I hope Ratzinger's retirement years are filled with a full share of the suffering he personally inflicted on others, including the deaths of those who committed suicide from the church's stand on the abuse crisis and those who suffered horrific death from AIDS because of the church's stand on condoms.   He could have done so much, but refused.
You boil my blood, just how spoilt and how much ae an arrogant bitch you are. If u try to show off I'll flip nd most likely go nuts #ohwell
GITP is on record here as bragging that he hasn't voted in decades.  That way he can dodge blame for whatever party forms a government.  He's executing a strategy of "complete failure to do my basic duty as a citizen", as a way of avoiding blame.  And he has the nerve to criticize others who do their duty and vote their conscience?  Wow.
"  Don't thank me, thank . I just scheduled it to be put on the Main Page. Good job on that article btw -) Regards Why "
"   Categorial vs categorical   Although the SOM gives these as synonyms, Lambek clarifies that categorical refers to categories from category theory, whereas categorial refers ""categories"" in the sense of the Polish school of Logic, that is to type from type theory.  ping "
Gordon...lndia is the design of the moment...and it will pass as always as the massive perversity of ownership and manipulation in the Indian market ensures that investment money flows from outside investors into the pockets of an amazingly adroit local ownership. A ten foot pole gives no where near enough distance.
I don't have much time for Mr. Morneau, but I also don't have much time for columnists who try to smear someone by an unfounded association as Margaret Wente does by bringing in and comparing Mr. Morneau to Mr. Mnuchin.
Only two honest men on that stage. Romer,(Patronage job at LA schools,paying large money and fat pension) Hick (Hirer ofillegal alien that killed a cop) Ritter (fat no show job at CSU and big PERA payoff)
DeFazio and Merkley neither work for us or are "good". DeFazio has changed from a moderate to being a corporate shill. Merkley has always been a corrupt goon.
1 - 2 trillion in Federal debt and employee and pension obligations  2-3 trillion in Provincial debt and obligations  and you call their debt OK? In this age of debt as wealth heed Warren Buffet's prescient words _______________________________________________ When the tide goes out, you all will see who is swimming naked. _______________________________________________ I am astounded how any accountant of any kind could call this debt OK?  The federal, provincial, and most municipalities are bankrupt.  They can only steal more money, they refuse to cut programs and people....  Thus the market will do it for them. I haven't touched a goverment bond in a decade.
They're a real classy lot this BLF is!
I'm not saying you did anything wrong. Your literary creativity can be overpowering. You're very intelligent, and have a way with words that us mere mortals can't keep up.  What kind of milk are you shopping for?? I'll be a gentleman, and carry it for you.  Would you object to that??
"your pathetic attempt at a joke belittles the horrific violence done to another person while reinforcing the stereotype that conservatives are racist (or maybe you're a liberal trying to make conservatives look bad). congratulations on being a piece of shit\n\nthere is no indication that this woman died because of the color of her skin; the color of her killers has no bearing on the beastly nature of their crime."
He was wrong. Anyone who votes for NDP is a lazy idiot.
"are you mad ????"
&#8220;@xoxo_hayleyy: "@savageater: i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped.#pussy"really bitch&#9995;&#128530;&#8221;really swerve
If your a nigga ... And you use the term " yassssssssss " im just gonna assume your a fag
Clumsily defining terms just to make an argument isn't much of an argument.
Either you get it or you do not.  Enjoy your econo coffin.
The pope's reference to the great St Thomas Aquinas as the moral basis of Amoris Laetitia and his criticism of those who rely on established theological positions as moral reference points in the same breath is in and of itself contradictory and creates even more confusion. What we need is clarity. Not more confusion.
Sasha Ota established the subject of this thread -- how GMO farming affects the environment and public health -- and you want to talk about something else.  Chlorpyrifos is used in large quantities in GMO farming in Hawaii, and it has been shown to be harmful to child development.  GMO farming does not have, as you claim, an "impeccable safety record."  No wonder you don't want to talk about it.
Morons on both sides of this one.  Some one the stuff these people are saying is stupid and offensive, even though they have a right to say it.  But it's also wrong for people that don't like it to resort to physical violence in response.
Where is the $1B a year that Toronto spends on just 58,000 TCHC units? That's over $17,000 each, with no proper upkeep. We need a full acccounting and then a proper takeover of these properties. I definitely could see spending $3,000 a year for utilities, upkeep and security, but not $17,000.
Another moronic celeb. There are so many of them.
my chick badder than your basic bitches
AHH TO BE REMEMBERED BY FAMILY FRIENDS & COLLEAGUES AS A CRAFTY DISHONEST   CORRUPT MORALLY DESTITUTE INDIVIDUAL     GOALS WE ALL NEED TO PURSUE   GOOD LUCK
Yung nigger move that dope
Maybe I wasn't clear or am misunderstanding this: It [the tweet] was also retweeted by the official @POTUS account.  Trump's Govt. account?
They had Luftwaffel cones.
You don't know if God's love is conditioned or not. Nor does Monica.    Put your energy into the part about you loving and forgiving as you are loved and forgiven. Do the work in front of you instead of quibbling over the Godhead. God said to.
seen this sad little faggots face
put this sick loser in a box and dump um in the ocean until he talks or bury him and give him a long straw to suck air till he tells the truth, then check on his lead,if its another lie, put him back in the ground or ocean again can believe this idiot is making them look stupid.  he looks stupid but he is making everyone else look even more stupid.  just throw him in prison and let the men handle him or send him to arizona and put him with the cartels
Trump is a very foolish man to provoke China over the Taiwan issue. The principal losers in this confrontation will be the people of Taiwan. None of this was necessary, nor is it in the long term interest of the US.
"Or perhaps someone can start an article, ""List of songs on Family Guy"", which would include all the original music and all the parodies, and have a chart giving the names of the composer(s), performer(s), which song it's a parody of (if applicable), etc.  Any thoughts?  "
dEAR STUPID IDIOT   Dear Mr H.Q. (what kind of a stupid name is that). All I ask for is that you (actually not you, but a person with brains) review my edits AFTER I am done, not DURING  my edits. I have asked you to do so several times. Is it too much to ask of a pro-American (or addaled) brain such as yours?
Thanks for the response kid but ur, your, your’re incorrect.
Wonder if there will be protesters waving Mexican flags ?
Trump Olympic National Park would make me hurl.
Just retire again goatee and this time for good. You're embarrassing yourself.
"Were you born stupid or did you have to work at it??"
Same place you got your silly stuff.
The "lifestyle homeless" exist only in your infested imagination.
RT @KeOs_GunnPlay: U can kill carl but not my nigga glenn whos gonna take care of my hoe maggie
Increased funding on the condition that some of the money is spent on mental health may be a good idea with a brain dead fool like him in charge of the country...we will all be going crazy in a year or two.
They prefer not to know the answer.
Unless I misread the article and other articles on the subject in other newspapers, this money is supposed to be a loan. I am totally opposed to corporate welfare, but if it's a repayable loan, I don't see how it can be interpreted as a gift.  Can someone explain that please.
It sounds like the PPS has not been diligent in changing the filters in the faucets. I wonder if the testing this summer will be representative of the water that my children drank this year, or whether the testing will be conducted after new filters are in place.   Is there anyway to request the reports of when the filters were actually changed at the schools, and to then see if filter changes only occur right before the lead testing is done.
Watch yo hoe
to bad they couldn't use the $70,000,000.00 the STATE still owe's for the SUPER FERRY !!
How great that Jake Plummer and Brock Osweiler worked out with some high school guys up in Coeur d'Alene.
@Juicy_james01 ain't no love 4 these hoes
Right and the Department of Defense is run by saints and unbesmirched virgins.  Grow up.
Parents already have the option to opt their children out of these classes if they wish.
Because they're double-talking hypocrite liberals.
IMO, that's a bit of an overreaction...I think the photo is fine. Shrug. — (reply)
Copying a thought from mythology is way creative, huh. His piece perhaps exhibits conflicting thought within a limited mind, not liking powerful people such as President Trump or hillary, yet he seems to have a thing for superhero chris evans!!!
The poor animal was frightened to death. People can be such idiots!
"Hey fucko, I tried Snafu parts when they just came out,Their tires like the Rimjob and the fat seat they had at the time were fucking horrible.I haven't brought a product since,Word has it Snafu hasn't improved hardly a bit since then.So fuck Snafu and Jerry Bagley."
RT @_MCBaybeh1218: Keep ur bitch on a leash .
Not much show of support for the Bundy gangs patriarch or fake patriot overreach. In a Constitutional Republic we vote for change, contact your representative. It is not the 1850s Mr. Bundy.
Trump is only and always a liar, a bully, a divider, a narcissist, and a megalomaniac. Despite the efforts of Trump’s enablers, reasonable people are getting more than a little nervous about the current occupant of the Oval Office.
United could have offered more until a volunteer emerged, or made alternate arrangements to transport their crew.  Instead, they played heavy-handed hardball with a person who appears to have been horribly distressed by the action taken.  As corporate disasters go, this is not quite VW level stuff, but it's very, very bad.
Yea Janay!
You say "Therefore, add more information on these packagings and let me decide what is best for me." ... but that is exactly what the proposed regulations are all about. Manufacturers a simply being asked to back up their claims with evidence - what's wrong with that. If I sell you a toaster to make toast and it doesn't get hot enough or gets too hot and burns the bread I would be liable to prosecution for making false clam is ... why should supplement hawkers not be subject to the sonable rules?
Same bitches they be all in my face bout how they couldn't do it , be the same bitches all on his dick &#128530;
#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CloseUp | Squirting pussy and fingered asshole http://t.co/bKYeoUwWv2
They don't know or think they have caused the shambles. They firmly believe they have done wonders. That is indeed how stupid they all are.
his enemies are unhinged too.
No--never before in this Nation's history have we seen a President attack individuals.  They all ignored negative news coverage, (which they all got plenty of) and they certainly did not attack members of their own party.  While they all had strong ego's, they were not dangerous narcissitic personality disorders. Trump is--and always has been mentally UNFIT to be POTUS.
Refusing to be a part of a fraudulent commission designed to protect the church's reputation while doing nothing to protect children is an act of integrity. Something the pope and his cardinals lack.
@MaxOn_MaxOff5 Your a dirty cunt mate lol #missingtheaussies
Why not?  The man (Bkonrad) is an asshole. Look at how rudely he treats other editors.
Is anyone surprised?
Near as I can tell once somebody complains that a comment is uncivil it's gone no matter what its content was.  There's no checking done by anyone at the G&M.
PLEASE DEMAND F.D.A. and D.E.A. REFORM. These idiots will say or do anything to cover their own incompetency and support their failed drug war. More than ever people are beginning to realize what science has known all along. T.H.C is actually a major nutrient. like vitamins C.D. or A. Our endocannabinoid system Is designed for the utilization of cannabis (smoking not recommended). Also; many of the disease's that respond to cannibals is because they were caused by Clinical endocannabinoid deficiency (CECD) A science the D.E.A. has suppressed for decades. T.H.C. is the nutrient required and used by our body to regulate pain, stop cancer replication and very many other vital and critical uses as well. Also for our psychoactive requirements..
I don't think everyone who take opioids will become addicted. It is a small minority.  If you have sever pain you should get relief, lets not get paranoid. The drug addiction crisis is a sign of a failing society, a society that is de-socialized, lacking community and cohesion.  People need to get back home to the village.
Freedom of speech has been hijacked by the left wing thugs of political correctness (CNN, Huffington Post, Liberal Party of Canada) that states only their point of view is correct.  Sad to hear that the Globe and Mail has fallen victim to this disease.
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Racism is your default setting. No wonder your a loser.
"Lame congress idiots or tyrants debating BULLSHIT!!! \xa0there are no terrorists except those who invented terrorism... MOSSAD and the U.S. Military Intelligence go watch the whistle blower at w w w.dormantideas.c o m and you will see this congress is completely out of touch or with the tyrants bought and paid for... \xa0this is no joke 2 Acts that are equal to Hitler's Enabling Act of 1933 and you debate!!!!!!!! \xa0What the fck are you debating!!!!!\nfckng wake up idiots..."
"Bulski said Granite Properties would submit its tax-waiver application next week."  In other words, they want the city to pay them back, so that they can end up getting all that extra space for free.
OSCARS FOR ALL!!!  What a great movie we all just witnessed!  Outstanding Actress:  Sylvia Luke for that anger filled scene with Caldwell.  Supporting Actress:  Jill Tokuda for the scene where she makes us believe she doesn't support a State bailout.  Outstanding Actor:  Kirk Caldwell for the almost tear jerking pleas and pretending to not like the State's idea.  Supporting Actor:  David Ige for appearing to be clueless.  Oh wait, that might not be acting....  And finally, best Director:  PRP!  We all know who's behind the rail costs.  Can't wait for the sequel!
But they have just tripled the subsidy on luxury electric cars to $14,000. WTF? Liberals are fiscal morons.
Well if not 'iliterate', a moron at the least
All bears have an incredible sense of smell.  Bears are always hungry.  People build homes in bear territory and do not secure food.  And bears logically follow their sense of smell.  Moving to the exurbs or mountains requires one to modify their lifestyle which many are unwilling to do, so the wildlife pays the price.
&#8220;@Attractive_Bad: Yes Iam single I don't mess or talk to anyone . &#128524; no hoes just me &#128076;&#8221;
Mark Levin may not be a politician but he is a political entertainer that reaches the masses. I guarantee you most of those books weren't bought by individuals wanting to read his bullshit.
RT @PacmanJonez: @HarlanCoben @taylor_TM @PhilWOTG they are both bitches.
Trudeau just another ignorant assholee.
How many Canadians think this was an "isolated" incident?  Like the one a few years ago where a Somalian teenager was tortured, that resulted in the disbanding of a proud Regiment? Right.  We are racist!
"In South African law, this is not the case for private properties offering services of any kind to the general public, because it was (quite reasonably) believed that “right of admission reserved” laws would be abused to perpetuate racist discrimination. Orania remains an exception, however."  Orania doesn't offer "services of any kind to the general public", therefore they are not an exception but exactly the same as any other private property.
Why couldn't it have been a Dumocrat.- they're the ones continually agitating and contracting for violence at Conservatives rallies and speeches. Looks like they got what they were after all along. Good job, Dumocrats - maybe you next time, you dumb bastards.
The "blood of the city" didn't carry weight in Denver, it's laughable he tried again in California. The chances he got pulled over by a Raider/49er/Charger fan is large. What an idiot.
Cut that bitch off !!
Fully automatic weapons are not 'illegal'.    If you want to pay the transfer tax after the ATF Expanded Background Check, you can have one or more for your very own!  It is illegal to have one without doing all that or by making illegal modification of a semi-automatic weapon that is also legal to own, of course.  "The National Firearms Act of 1934, the Gun Control Act of 1968 and the Hughes Amendment in 1986 have all placed limits on how automatic guns can be bought and sold, but did not make it illegal to possess them entirely."  "Purchasing one requires submitting fingerprints and photographs to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, going through an FBI criminal background check, and paying a $200 tax"  "Only automatic weapons manufactured and registered with the federal government before 1986 can be bought, owned and sold."  Go "Shoot a Tommy Gun" over  by LCC.  You can see the sign from I-5!    http://thebaronsden.com/tommy.php
Something similar to the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) of 2006 would help secure 37.5% of the offshore revenue for the State of AK, similar to what is in place for TX, LA and MS and AL.  Additionally, production running through the pipeline would provide revenue streams to AK.
Idiot.
Wrong, Gerald.  Your argument serves as an example of why good deeds often don't pay.  Personal responsibility Gerald.  Personal responsibility is the key to life.  Your choice, your consequences.  You do, you pay.  Along the path you advocate is nothing but moral hazard.
Trump isn't the fault of the independents, he is the fault of the DNC and Hillary.
Dude, you're essentially reiterating what I just said (like three times already). I know what causes earthquakes, and judging by this conversation probably have a better grasp of it than you. All earthquakes are caused by some sort of unique geology. In the case of Oklahoma the cause is injecting large amounts of waste water into the Arbuckle formation (much larger amounts than what we inject here in Colorado). The Arbuckle has unique characteristics that make it different than the formations we inject water into in Colorado, one being it directly overlies crystalline basement rock. The interface between the Arbuckle and the basement rock is the perfect spot for a fault to slip when lubricated/pressured up. Yeah, he's a moron, and Trump is a moron, quit trying to politically troll me because IDGAF.
hamburger mary's?
@JBilinovich @JZolly23 @cmnw86 You guys wanna skull Fuck some clay birds this weeknd???
I wonder if  these clowns are acting out because they failed to get on the idiot's bandwagon when another group of fools screwed up the Trader Joe's move to NE Portland?
Tokuda and Luke don't have the authority to raise property taxes.  And Kirk wouldn't have to if he managed the rail responsibly.
Why do you want to inflict trouble Canada? Where is your loyalty?
<cont> the problem is our liberal courts have ruled that children with low IQ' and severe emotional problems have the right to an education, and have given them the right to disrupt schools assuring your kid isn't getting the education they have the right to. This is now one of the most expensive babysitting in America for disabled kids who will grow up to be disabled adults being babysat through the welfare state.  These dysfunctional children need to be removed from Oregon public schools. They need to be put in with Alternative Education campuses. That's what AE is for.
Response was to comparing ears of corn and works of mercy on the Sabbath. (Rule and Raven)
And yet, 39% of the electorate are still stupid enough to vote for these criminals.
Hitman and Slender man resemblance    I dunno if it's true but i think that whoever made slenderman must of got a few features from Agent 47 from the Hitman series. Hitman and Slender man both use stealth and have similar features in appearance including black suit, white striped dress shirt, completely bald head and pale skin; the only difference is that Agent 47 has a red tie, black leather gloves and has a facial appearance while Slender man has a black tie and no facial appearance.
Centre-right beats centre-left in Denmark  .  "The centre-right group led by ex-PM Lars Lokke Rasmussen beat Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt's centre-left coalition, although her party is the largest."  .  "The right-wing, anti-immigration Danish People's Party will become the second-largest in parliament."  "With almost all votes counted, the centre-right bloc led by Mr Rasmussen had secured the 90 seats needed to form a government in the 179-seat parliament."  .  From: Danish election: Opposition bloc wins - BBC News  - 19 June 2015
Obama has done a SUPERB job despite the obstruction from fools such as you.
16 service errors?   How many from Granato?   Still starting slow maybe because of the wrong starters?   Anyway, a win is a win.
RT @ZephTheGreat: Not all black girls are ghetto .
It's doubtful that this would be occurring or even make the G&M front page if it were not for the melee in Virginia.  For some unknown reason there was no police presence in Charlottesville as there will be at this demonstration.  That should in no way prevent anyone from assuming moral superiority in Quebec City.  This is a great opportunity for the country.
@_Dukefan @KentuckyFanPage thats why we had 8 regular season losses...... #you #are #retarded
He's still proud of dissing our National Anthem?  Well, you can try to make everyone forget with your 'makeover', but most of us won't.
Remorseful because he got caught?
F**k these people. F**k the SEIU. Union workers just like government workers are just morons and parasites. Collective bargaining just like affirmative-action it's just a way to cheat your way to what you want instead of earning it. Rights?!? They should be grateful they have a job.
Fuck you, you fuckin' anti-wikipedia collaborator. You are stomping on my HUMAN RIGHTS to edit WIKIPEDIA, cocksucker.
And if something had gone awry, the taxpayers would be paying for a rescue or recovery.  There are so-many, safe ways to get married.  Color me unimpressed.
Your diet affects your health. If you are not doing everything to keep yourself absolutely healthy, then you are costing all of us money in insurance and welfare. At some point, your imperfect lifestyle will cost tax money.
Uh oh,  It looks like the plates on the car link the driver as being a rabid left wing anti-Trump radical- https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHDqd3-XgAAnycm.jpg  How are you and the liberal media going to spin this one now?
Ah, the unHoly Triumphirate is assembled:  Trump, Tillerson, and Putin.  There goes the Arctic in the quest for oil.  The world be damned.
Then simply say "f you" and let them know that you don't care for them being polite and wishing you well, let them know you are a @$&
Montana, Wisconsin, Maine, New Hampshire, North AND South Dakota, Wyoming. All places you can move an ex-hoe to and be happy.
Mark asten is a pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy loser loser loser fucker fucker fucker hooker hooker hooker son of a bitch son of a bitch son of a bitchWelcome
I work downtown 5 days a week. I love the dog ban, yet just this week I have had to dodge dog poop from the Quackenbush Building all the way to Voodoo Donuts. Not just a little poop but a LOT of poop. You can tell it's dog poop because the owner obviously dragged the dog along while it was dropping deuces in a nice long line. I also still see a few un-neutered large "pitbull type" dogs in the downtown core....2 just this week.  My personal opinion is that the downtown area is a bit better than last summer as far as the number of "people who congregate" downtown, but it is not even close to feeling safe or nice or clean. I suppose "Kesey Square" is more pleasant to walk through now that there are tables displacing the people who just lie on the sidewalk. There are still people aggressively "asking" for money but they are more spread out now. To be fair I have not been to the Park Blocks recently so I cannot comment on it being better or worse but 10 years ago I liked eating lunch there.
You horrid little shit   I've been monitoring your editing patterns like a true stalker, and have noted that you made no edits between 15th and 19th June. Perhaps you might like to comment on the reasons behind this? 94.4.112.99
I appreciate you removing the attack. However, no matter how much you wish us to believe your accounts are unrelated, it's not in your best interests to keep bringing it up. The Checkuser  is clear, and that account wasn't the only one being used. Your way to eventually getting unblocked is not denial of what has already occurred, but rather showing admins that your behavior in the future will be in line with what's is expected here. That's what you should be focusing on. Make friends, not enemies. They can help you in the future.
i enjoyed having your balls in my mouth last night (  )   Thanks
Touche!  :-D
media controlled by same people... no settling for more discraced rights and anti-transparency means....  So when has there been issues with safety and security on this issue to even start this idea....?  Would like specific answer, not just possibilities... no harm no foul.  Corruption.
Yeaaa bitch I be with dog like shaggy yea we stay clean but we get dirty like Harry
Yeah, like people do drugs because they want to die.  Your comment makes no sense along with the tid bit about the needle.  There is more than one way to consume heroin and not everyone using is it is your stereotypical "junkie" lying there comatose with a needle in their arm.  Aren't you tired of reading comments from people who have no clue what their talking about?  I know I am...
Kaetlin is a bitch
They did? Where is it published? Which TV/radio station had a senior B C Liberal announce that no more corporate donations would accepted. I doubt that any union would donate to the B C Liberals (there is a rat union that might, the one that has 'organized' at the Site C construction).
Agree with the editorial, our State Govt. at large is already below average, inefficient, and ineffective.   Managers need to be able to manage without everything under the sun being negotiable, allowing initiatives to be stalled, defeated, or watered down by negotiations.   Hawaii's poor voter turnout allows for special interests to control much of the voting block that does come out.  The solution... we need term limits on our State Legislators.  In the short term, the Gov should veto this bill.  Senator Agaran was also the one responsible for not allowing a hearing and killing HB 1172.  This bill had broad support would have given HPD more tools to cite aerial fireworks abusers.
I was not talking about "gender mutuality," you are 😀  So, according to you, the KofC has to go because it is "male-only"? 😅😅😅  Then all the female religious orders have to go to?  BTW, don't you think that any 'mutuality' gender or other, makes only sense if we acknowledge and maintain differences? 😀
""I'm surprised Martin is still opposed to rail. It would be good for his constituents on the North Shore and Central Oahu. ""  Baloney.  How does North Shore and central Oahu benefit in any manner from rail?
"We think of all women as compassionate , when in reality—they are the mass killers we should fear the most"  So you worry most about the attack of the killer vagina?
Crazy suggestion but maybe a lifeguard stand should be erected in the far outside of the water.  This way the lifeguards will be closer to the swimmers and will be better to notice swimmers/snorklers in distress.
Steve, of course it is political.  Trump will use this to say that he supports sports people who do not kneel when the US Shame-song is sung.  All the world is politics, especially when politicans are involved.   Wake up and smell the roses!!!!!
The lying thieves in HART get what they want ALL THE TIME regardless... WHY do they need a MARKETING BUDGET?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  Death to HART!!!!
Colver was a big help in getting the Government Peak Rec Area lots of funding but.....as I understand he said the not finished rec center with no road to it was a bus transit stop to get MSB or State or Fed funds to build the road to the ski area. Transit buses drove all the way there numerous times every day with no one on the bus and the rec area was not even open. It was just a shady deal to get funds. Lost respect for him when he was at a meeting and bragged about getting the funds. First it was going to be the Fishhook Community Center so the Community donated thousands of dollars. Then the named changed to the Transit Building so bathrooms were needed and funds were taken from the Working People to do that then the name changed to the Ski Chalet which is operated by the non profit Matsu ski club. It started as the community center but we can only have 4 meetings a year without paying a huge price. To have a community picnic we have to pay a huge fee. Colver supported this.
http://rabble.ca/blogs/bloggers/djclimenhaga/2016/12/calgary-rebel-media-rally-takes-another-nasty-turn-death-threats  "It would be easy just to make fun of Ezra Levant, a self-described defender of free speech, for throwing the Raging Grannies out of his protest rally yesterday for daring to try to exercise their right to free speech.  But seeing as in addition to calls from the podium to remove people who don't support his message, there were credible reports out of Calgary yesterday of death threats levelled against a young woman reporter and someone waving a noose from a hockey stick, surely we can agree to stop calling these ugly events Levant organizes "anti-carbon tax rallies."  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  What a perfectly pathetic bunch of scoundrels.  Real Progressive Conservatives want no part of this lot.  We again see you, Breitbart trolls, and AGAIN REJECT YOU !!!!
As far as I've seen, no evidence has been found of paid Russian posters. However, it is fully established that the USA has "by far" the largest cyber-army in the world, and has contracts with corporations who pay people to make pro-USA-policy comments in social media "around the world," using many fake accounts per person: "The Centcom contract stipulates that each fake online persona must have a convincing background, history and supporting details, and that up to 50 US-based controllers should be able to operate false identities from their workstations "without fear of being discovered by sophisticated adversaries"." https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/mar/17/us-spy-operation-social-networks https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/cifamerica/2011/mar/17/us-internet-morals-clumsy-spammer http://www.reuters.com/article/us-election-intelligence-commentary-idUSKCN10F1H5 http://www.businessinsider.com/ndaa-legalizes-propaganda-2012-5
Sophia Wilansky will not be charged with anything by the F.B.I. Her injuries were likely sustained when the militarized police force threw a stun grenade and it exploded near her. Police frequently use stun grenades against Americans with very serious injuries resulting. "In February 2011, a North Carolina SWAT police officer was injured at his home when a stun grenade accidentally detonated while he was attempting to secure his equipment. He underwent emergency surgery, but later died of his injuries."  On May 28, 2014, a 19-month-old baby boy's face was severely burned and mutilated when a stun grenade was thrown into his playpen by a SWAT team looking for drugs in a Cornelia, Georgia home. The baby survived with facial disfigurement.[15] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stun_grenade  The Standing Rock anti-pipeline protest is not a violent movement. The private military and local police force are engaging in violence and it's being documented by journalists and caught on film.
@ItsmeKyleWayne Yeaa black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got A1 credit and pussy
I don't mind paying, as long as EVERYONE pays and not just a few. I don't mind a tax as long as EVERYONE is taxed. See, you really didn't know much about me did you.
Leaks originate from desk of WH chief and noone else. A mean spirited filthy rich ugly American without any morale values. What can you expect from Trump? Going on vacation day Mueller asks from Flynn file at WH. One could figure out some sceening of documents before handling what will not cause any damage. Sessions may have his hands full of fake news soon.
Not enough space for one. You could fit an automated (rotating) garage, barely, but it wouldn't be big enough to justify the effort.
Ahhhh but of course spoken like a true LIEBERAL. If it is good for you then it is good for everyone because you say so. How I hope the voters will rethink what they voted for. The drama teacher and selfie's plus spend all the taxpayers money on this crap
Another bunch of government workers paid off to ensure no problems for Wynne at election time.
Do you think bridges float in mid air? Bridges require support pilings.  The debris would push out any supports.
The Russia scandal is that Obama and Clinton sold 20% of the US uranium supply to Russia for money. If that's not treason, nothing is.
We have known for quite some time, unfortunately, that everything is up for grabs when it comes to Trump.  Vile.
Stop spread this russian bullshit propaganda, turn off Russia Todie channel, come to Ukraine and look if there any „Ukrainian extremists” except Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk for your own eyes! 46.63.38.5
SHUT DOWN THIS USELESS GOVERNMENT... THAT INCLUDES THAT PANTY-WASTE WALKER AND HIS PIVOT MAN!
It also show why Trump favours rallies over news conferences.   The former are Trump love-ins, the latter are tire fires.
&#8220;@SouthsideVic: I let my girl handcuff me to the bed thinkin she gon do something freaky this bitch went through my phone&#8221;
I love the rationalizations trying to say that the CPC fundraisers were different because the cost of entry was lower (eg: when Nigel Wright hosted a private fundraiser at his home for an Ontario PC candidate or when Dykstra hosted lobbyists in the private booth of the Skydome Owner, or Baird, or Raitt, or the multiple events starring Duffy and Harper).  So in other words, the Liberals are the high priced call girls while the CPC were the less expensive street walkers?     Is THAT the difference?  Face it - "cash for access" is a sensationalist way to describe fundraising when a politician attends their own fundraiser.     It's been going on for as long as politicians needed money and there is nothing inherently wrong with it.    Further, eliminating it doesn't solve one damn thing.
Holy (BH)G! I hadn't seen that...thanks. ( )
This whole page is false,   My uncle actually wrote this song and sold it for very little money to a record company..
Crisis over at 1801 local, drink the water.
Is difficult to tell whether this is a 'sales job' or personal history promotion. Just like cars on the sales lot. The new ones tend to be higher priced than the used ones. Tear down the old has been the Eugene mantra. The group who were going to save some of the city hall architecture arrived to a pile of rubble with Barney working the wrecking ball.
If you can't state it, you can’t say another fails to grap it.  I have never denied back alley abortions occurred and occur. Read the posts again.  The correct analysis of your "question" involves answering which outcome resulted from an immoral act. If in order to achieve a particular outcome I have to do something which is always morally impermissible, then that outcome should not be chosen. The reason, of course, is that ends do not justify means.
Trump *is* a thug. That's what's sad.
They are also undercovers working in every LCBO keeping tabs on regular customers.
"whp the fuck googles a comment im not you bitch ass nigga stfu "
Why congressional approval required? He didn't./want to declare war.  Did Obambam get approval for every drone attack he mounted?
If you texting other niggas just let me know so I can find me some other bitches. No hard feelings
And who commissioned the John Jay Report?
Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future .
Maybe I'm a contrarian, but in many ways electronics have simplified cars.  No longer do you have finicky, unreliable electro-mechanical devices controlling things like the choke, ignition timing, etc.  Ever diagnose the ballast resistor on a 1970's Mopar?  Or adjust the points, diagnose the condensors, etc.?  Diagnostics are done by plugging in a diagnostic analyzer, rather than first trying fuel, then trying spark, then trying mechanical.   The electronic systems keep getting better, in my view.  Constant problems with early electronic controls in some cars, now very few.  Think how much simpler it is to operate a tablet than it was to operate that 286 with DOS; there are more features being added because it's easier to manage them.  I like having bluetooth, gps, fuel injection, onboard warnings, ABS and traction control, bumper warnings (my car is a year too old to have cameras), handsfree options, etc.  Driverless cars will be a very interesting development.
Alaska is and has been "tough on criminals" and it's not working. You just enjoy punishing people who have godawful problems, like any good, self-righteous sadist.
Vote liberal for continued corruption, lies, and arrogance.
Interesting outcome when it's customary in the UAE for men to rub noses as a sign of affection.
You're Hell-bound!  Adam, as seen as you've admitted to being a pro-[faggot]], you are going to end up buring up in the Lake of Fire in Hell! - ( )
guys like you annoy me so much i fucking hate guys like you i don't give a fuck if they close my account i just hate guys like you you stupid motherfucker googdbye
I agree with your premise about the Liberals as masters of verbal legerdemain but must point out some differences between Harper's and Obama's responses to the global meltdown.  Harper in 9 budgets increased our federal debt by 25%, Obama in his 8 budgets increased the US debt by about 100%.  Harper turned our finances around and got the budget back into balance and the debt to GDP ratio back on a downward slope but neither can be said for president Obama's financial management.  The only thing the opposition didn't like about Harper's post meltdown deficits was that they weren't high enough.  Regardless, he stood up to the opposition, brought in a $52 billion deficit followed by progressively smaller ones, and implemented an effective, targeted, time limited stimulus program that helped Canada to lead the G 7 in economic growth, employment growth and lowest debt to GDP for the 5  years following the melt down.  Obama did none of these things.  But what a smile!  BO is cool like Justin
Not to mention having the first openly gay player in NFL history: Aaron Rogers...
"It matters not."  Sure it does.  It directly speaks to relevance.  A judge's opinions on politicians in any other nation are functionally irrelevant to their job here in Canada because they won't affect a single ruling. I may have some pretty firm opinions on, say, Israeli or Ugandan politics, but exactly how will those affect a single case I hear in Canada?   Besides, judges in Canada still have the franchise and can still legally support a political party, so we're really only ruling here on the public appearance of bias, not actual bias.
I think if you asked any of the parents and kids at the Rally they'd tell you the same thing - they are not opposed to a building next to the school.   Most of us live in towers in this neighborhood.     Sorry, but it just seems like you think local issues are beneath you.  Did your feelings get hurt when you got assigned this story?   Did you even do any research?  Did you bother to talk to any of the children?
" ... even as the White House appeared to back away from its staunch assertion that Mexico must pay to build the barrier."  Ding! Ding! Ding! Joanna Slater strikes again.
It's a carefully worded statement of support for Pope Francis:  "In relation to recent events, the Council of Cardinals pledges its full support for the Pope’s work, assuring him at the same time of its adhesion and loyalty to the figure of the Pope and to his Magisterium.”  The "recent events" being the poster campaign stating" “Ah Francis, you have intervened in Congregations, removed priests, decapitated the Order of Malta and the Franciscans of the Immaculate, ignored Cardinals... but where is your mercy?”  And a satirical spoof of the Vatican newspaper L’Osservatore Romano poking fun at his wishy-washy doctrine on marriage.  All Catholics are "loyal" to the figure of the Pope and to his Magisterium. However, the Pope should be a figure of unity - not division; he should teach clearly - not ambiguously; and he should preserve our faith - not contradict established doctrine.
Religious freedom eh? Blaming the left really? Organized religion is so hypocritical it's disgusting. Doesn't it say that God created all of us in God's own image?  Correct me if I'm wrong but it does say all of us right? It also says only God can judge right? Isn't that exactly what churches and it's people do is judge this kinda proves it doesn't it? If people had a brain they would see man wrote the bible not god. If you were god would you be insecure and a selfish?  Isn't I am your god you should have no other god beside me exactly that? I thought religion was supposed to bring people together not divide. This is a great example of how it divides us.
you actually pay for being treated like crap......
Oh brother. Extreme words.
Who would that be?
"Virgin pussy " () " , regular pussy " ( ) " , Oomf pussy (_________________________)
Relax, argyle5663: Yes, I know about the "Canadians in the dark"--that was the rationale behind my comment, "Discovering our immigration policy details isn't easy." Which I made in support your own comment.  You send us links to newspaper articles. Not that helpful.  I was hoping you'd quote some government documents.   2016 Planned total: 285,000 to 305,000. (Toronto Sun, Mar. 2016)  2017: Canada may welcome as many as 320,000 new immigrants over ... 2017. The increased scope presented by the government — the plan for 2016 allowed for up to 305,000 newcomers — is likely reflective of a desire to increase immigration over the coming years in order to respond to labour shortages. Refugee numbers: down from 2016 (to 43,500 about 14%), but "economic": up to  57.5% (overall; in 3 programs, an increase of 23%) (Canadian Immigration News: OCT 31 2016)  Now, tell me again how the Liberals were forced to "scrap their reported plan to vastly increase immigration levels"?
" An entry from  appeared on Wikipedia's Main Page in the Did you know? column on 17 September, 2006.  "
"   ahh... the little sister rises to protect BIG BROTHER.    isn't this cute. my argument was against Redfarmer not you Kww.  so please stay out of this. and read the things i posted to Redfarmer about it. I am sick of whenever i go on a wiki people dispise me. i don't try to be cruel but people push me there. so Kww your ""last Warning""  is noted. but i take my last warning from the one i have a problem with not his mother. Thank you   Leonhart178"
@kieffer_jason Lmfao and I'm making more money then yo duck ass bitch I from Dallas tx born and raised and we back our shit up all day nigga
But a new PLE friend in Sao Paulo introduced himself by e-mail this morning .
Who are the imbeciles that elect her?
Leave it to the tinfoil hat wearers to waste tax payers money on this stupid lawsuit!
You need to more clear than that, before you address me.
What a heartwarming story about cop and Trump haters.
Oh, it's ok zucker, we're too stupid to believe you anyway.
@kieffer_Jason bitch what time
Yea they are. How bout this. They all need to be shot in the head and used for bear bait
@JoeBiden is such a retard! &#8220;@irritatedwoman: Biden Calls Himself &#8216;White Boy&#8217; in Meeting With Black Pastors http://t.co/bqx1IEv0wD&#8221;
The author was addressing a study that said exactly the opposite - Congregations that have a deeply held faith are growing, whereas the ones with a liberal or what I call 'social' faith are declining.
What a great idea. Let's privatize all the public resources we can until we look around and find ourselves in the dark ages again.
Exactly.  People who have the ability to become software engineers are a subgroup.  They are not average in intelligence and there is no reason to think their preferences or traits reflect the averages of the whole population either.  Whatever the average traits or interests of men or women may be, it doesn't tell us anything about the traits and interests of people who have the ability to be software engineers.
I wonder if that Latino strategy is working?@TPM: GOPer doubles down on "wetbacks" but backpedals on "shoot on sight" http://t.co/QwlPxxsUIb
I ended up at the Mat Su emergency after a misdiagnosis from another hospital.  They did not catch sepsis and thought it was a non emergency.  I was almost unconscious upon arrival to my appointment for a specialist,  but the Mat su emergency team saved my life.  Emergency surgery, tons of antibiotics, ten days later..I went home alive. The doctors were amazing, the nurses were incredibly caring, the cooks were excellent, the cleaning staff was nice. I had no insurance. No one cared.  They focused on saving my life.  Then wrote off 80% of the bill and set up a payment plan.  I will love those people and that hospital forever.
"  Not in the material I've read (PSB), or I'd have added it otherwise. | talk to me "
Another diagnoses from a progressive socialist. You have no idea who Mike Pence is or what he stands for, or how he "feels" when he defends Trump. I admire him for defending an imperfect leader, because he has honor and dignity and a sense of loyalty that is sorely lacking in today'society. And BTW: Bernie would not have won, he is a KOOK.
No description of the perps so they must be black.  Half of media bias is what they omit.
I think you are right, but its definitely to late now. The muppets have now shifted into 7th gear looting the state, and the courts are really the only way now to stop at least some of the bleeding. The other thing that is different is the Guptas. If we were to talk about a bad president that is corrupt it would be one thing, but an unelected family taking over is another. Yet it is Zuma and his buddies that are stopping proper investigation in this. If we have missed an opportunity, it is only because the decay of the ANC is so rank, so all encompassing, that our constitution simply never was created to deal with. Grassroots or not.  Finally, the statement that protestors need to be transported and bribed with food is exactly the kind of nefarious action that brought us here in the first place. So while you may be right, all of this is so very wrong.
&#128588;&#128588;&#128588;"@Datruthh_: Don't do em with my girl lol RT @thelaurenway: So when yall in threesomes does your girl eat the pussy too?"
Another fine upstanding citizen..let's just execute this pile of crap, he has no benefit to society.
Left a nice little message in his inbox so he deleted the comment where he called me a bitch &#128514; these&#8230; http://t.co/qRUvCVNepv
First priority should be given to American citizens of California. Then LEGAL California residents. Then other American citizens. Then LEGAL U.S. residents.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family today as i took them some dinner. You all should be respectful of the family. This was just a young man a son with younger siblings.
Cruisin round the street in my 64', jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
"You're defending that racist Killerman who acted as judge and jury.   You suck at his.   Go fuck yourself."
https://cpw.state.co.us/Documents/Education/LivingWithWildlife/BearproofingYourHome.pdf
you predict, but we know you are a complete idiot
What a dirtbag, should be eligible for the death penalty.
Marriage is an institution of God, and God hasn't changed no matter what the "Supreme Court" rules.
If you have a twig and berries, you ain't a woman. Your thoughts do not override biology.
The officer should be arrested and charged with at least 2 felonies as he was not only wrong but STUPIDLY WRONG.  There is no place where a reasonable outsider would not consider this police officers actions to be criminal.
@nick_scott25 sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life
RT @IamMrEchols: If you was a hoe yesterday you'll be a hoe tomorrow
It's funny to see the butthurt snowflakes doing what they typically do in reaction to this. I bet they thought that having the idiot game show host selected by the EC to reside in the WH was going to "end political correctness" (as they define it - meaning being decent to anyone who isn't straight, white, male and xtian).    So much for that! I hope it gives people like Spencer and other Dump supporters the vapors.
", 19 February 2006 (UTC) I have no idea what's causing your problem... sorry. T | C | @   22:48"
Oh go fuck yourself and stop stalking my page, you twisted bag of wank.
I DETEST you   I absolutely hate you. You are scum. Nothing more than scum. I can tell by your wikipedia editing.
stop your lying. the jews of the biblical era died out long ago. Modern day 'jews' are just asimilated people from europe, spain and north africa, trying to make themselves seem legitimate via cultural theft and illegaly occupying Palestine and other 100% ARAB LANDS!
Who is being oppressed in Eugene, Oregon, in 2017?
So, .09 is attempted murder? You are one twisted guy.  In other words, the slightest slip in life condemns you.  That is completely sick. How many died when she drove her Prius? jerk
Indeed, her weak agenda has been overlooked due to the Trump Circus. Although Hillary presents herself as the most Presidential, she will NOT bring change and we can't risk more of the same. Much liberal direction and philosophy is classicaly oppositional and traps voters and fleeces the country, i.e., Bernie. Think about it..nothing says your standing up against greed like banding together to demand free stuff. Really??  OR the entrapment of the poor with more free stuff, keep them dependent, mildly comfortable and in trade "we" get their vote and promise to keep the free stuff coming. Entrapment, not help, pure and simple. With Hillary we get more of this goofy crap and a poor economic and foreign policy to boot. I am voting Trump. Do I like him..no I cannot stand him - he will be a hugh embarrassment. I am voting for his "list" and putting my faith in Pense, the Constitution and the Congress to keep him "busy" while carrying out work on "the list".   It's what we need DESPERATELY,
RT @mattchew81: My ex told me once she wanted me to get her a gift that would take her breath away so I got that bitch a treadmill
"You sir, are an idiot!"
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/health-and-fitness/in-this-ppp-taxpayers-are-the-ones-who-paid/article783175/
@__C_h_i_n_g__ your daughter can date this little fag bag @Bekkalina13 @PimpSlapnCow http://t.co/4SabX0mcus
"   Gregalton: Douchemaster Supreme   I'm not an editor, so I really don't have a problem calling you a douchebag. The fact that the article considers anyone who criticizes the practice of FRB as non-mainstream raised the flag in my mind, that is, made me check the discussion page. You've done more to bias the article than these supposed ""conspiracy"" people probably did. At any rate, fuck Wikipedia, and fuck Gregalton; I wait for the day when Knol (google's wikipedia, written by experts: reality, not wikiality) has a good article under the same title (and it's written by one of these ""non-mainstream"" economists the article talks about).  You're a douchebag, gregalton.  A big fat fractional reserve banking loving douchebag."
' Make a niggah buy a ring for ya finger &#1042469; , Jimmies for ya feet &#1043353; Jeans for that back &#1041191; lingerie for the... http://t.co/MxwTT9H4nc
I'm still awaiting an explanation as to why my careful and accurate sourcing of statements in this article was vandalized while I was away during the past three weeks.  When I added the archival sources many months ago, they were approved by a Wikipedia editor.  Moreover not only were the archival references recently vandalized, but also the reference to my published article in Brief Chronicles, a peer-reviewed academic journal, was deleted.  These archival sources cannot be characterized as 'original research'.  As noted earlier on this page, Alan Nelson's book is merely a series of quotations from these same archival sources stitched together with a bit of commentary.  If my transcripts of these archival sources (readily available to everyone on my webpage) are 'original research' and thus to be banned under Wikipedia's policy, then so is Alan's book, for the same reason, namely that it's largely a series of quotations from archival sources.  And as stated earlier, Alan misinterprets these sources, thus generating factual errors.  For example, re the Brincknell incident, Alan deliberately conflates William Waters, one of the jurors in the coroner's inquest into the death of Thomas Brincknell, and Oxford's servant, William Walter.  On p. 48, Alan writes of the coroner's inquest that:  >The 17 jurymen were, however, as compliant as the jury was packed: one juryman, William Waters, was Oxford's own servant.<  Alan clearly knew this statement to be false since he himself transcribed the testimony of Oxford's servant, William Walter, in a 1599 lawsuit in which William Walter described himself as being 50 years of age on 8 May 1599.  See Alan's transcript at:  http://socrates.berkeley.edu/~ahnelson/RUSWEL/ruswel07.html  Oxford's servant, William Walter, was thus almost the same age as the 17-year-old Oxford at the time of Thomas Brincknell's death, and could not possibly have served on a jury at that age.  The juryman William Waters was obviously an entirely different person from Oxford's servant, William Walter.  Because he did not like the jury's finding that the death was the result of Brincknell's own actions, Alan deliberately made a false statement about one of the jurors to impugn the jury's finding.  This is merely one among dozens of examples I could cite which demonstrate that no 'fact' stated in Alan's book can be accepted without checking it against archival documents. Nina Green
Hoes hang wit hoes cuz dey got da same hobbies
For the longest time, cheap oil was our reason for meddling in the Middle East. Now that we're developing our oil shales, we have enough domestic oil to last us a couple hundred years or more. We also have about a thousand years worth of coal, that can provide synthetic fuels, if we really need it. Doesn't seem like we have any further reason to care a whit what happens in the Middle East. But it only seems like it. There's a hook in the jaws of America, that keeps us from simply walking away and letting them stew in their own juices. It isn't Israel, for those who would pick on them for a scapegoat. Just follow the money! The turmoil in the Middle East is supporting our military/industrial complex. All these "little wars" are the bread and butter for our "Citizens United" gang. Our "rich are getting richer" crowd is pursuing their obscene greed, at the risk of getting America blown to bits, like what happened to Germany. But they don't care, as long as we don't care.
If you choose option 1, please place it on your user page or  –  (comment) [[]] 20:58, Dec 13, 2004 (UTC)
Lets just be honest and call it what it is, hot housing market really means being colonized by the chinese
Easy to get the poll result you want with the right question (not you personally Motley.  I have never been opposed to gun ownership either.   I do believe in gun regulation and enforceable design regulations that consider public safety.
Speaking of schools, might want to check that math.......
FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE   ⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲⟲
China has many, many excellent news sources. Anyone who visits China can see that with their own eyes.
Two "thumbs up" to you and Royal Caribbean. Thanks for the reminder that we all can do something (no matter how small) to help our fellow citizens in need. The time may come when we will be the ones in need of assistance, and hoping that folks in a position to help have not forgotten about us.
", 25 July 2012 (UTC)  And I'm sure you left a warning to the guy who made a false accusation of vandalism.  Ah, but of course you didn't, because the use of the word ""fuck"" will upset all the kiddies but dishonest accusations of vandalism are not just tolerated but encouraged.  If you can't see anything wrong with fucking morons too stupid to even understand what vandalism is being given free reign to piss off anyone they like, then you're a fucking stupid cunt as well. 190.44.158.38  23:15"
A ship of fools, that's what we have in Ottawa
Trump is definitely a chauvinist pig, however, our two pitiful senators are just two little rats running away from a sinking ship - trying to save their mediocre careers.
David Duke is an idiot who has no more value to society than any other idiot who devalues any human being, for any reason. The vast majority of both republicans and democrats absolutely refuse to have anything to do with this sorry excuse for a human being.
RT @guccii1017: wtf was drake asking us to pull over so he can get my autograph bitch I&#8217;m scheelp fuck you drake http://t.co/LzL0JlhdvK
HI:" do we need to do anything about AGW" China and India (soft coal power champs)they need to do more as we are a drop in the bucket but yes a drop. I used to design and install  stack preceptors in industrial apps and we had/have amazing results.The above countries(C and I) were not on the install list where many of the European countries were(along with Canada).  Michigan has an amazing offer to some of the colleges in Canada. Graduate as a Technologist and go down for two more years (tuition the same as though you are a Mich resident and as of late C$=US$) and graduate with a Eng degree, that will get you a green card(if desired) or come back to Canada and do the EIT then PE route.        I have gone to the US for surgery because the wait time was months and the Cardiologist here said that was longer than I may have had.    Canada was a better place.
Why, Ah do believe that y'all should publish facts, not your form of 'ism'. Bless your little ole heart. Kind sir.
Trudeau Invited them In!  The Cost isn't coming out of His Pocket, just Add to the Debt he's Saddling our Grandchildren with.  These Que Jumpers need to be Sent back and Apply like Everyone Else has to.  Most of the them are just Running for a Better Deal,  Free Social Services they cant get in the US.
The legislature has passed stringent laws that make it a crime for any corporation's board members to vote if they have a conflict of interest.  That means everyone from Exxon and city or borough Assemblies, right down to small charitable groups.   And the small boards that I'm on observe this rule carefully.  But this same legislature, in its wisdom, allows members to vote even if they have a gross conflict of interest!  That's how we got the current special deals for oil companies:  two legislators who are also executives of a big oil company cast the deciding votes.  We still need to rein in these "corrupt bastards."  (Not my insult-- some gave that name to themselves a few years ago.)
Agree. These people are nothing but hypocrites. I don't know how they can see themselves in the mirror and believe their own lies.
" Goodbye.      (talk)  I'm sorry to hear that.    This is most unfortunate. Thank God for sockpuppets.     Barnstars   The RickK Anti-Vandalism Barnstar I love you.       The Barnstar of Good Humor I thought that your AIDS joke was really funny.  User:MONGO       The Surreal Barnstar Shine on you crazy diamond! I will miss you. User:Jimbo Wales     The Resilient Barnstar I award this barnstar to myself for persevering through an obscene amount of .   "
This guy is the scum of the earth. People like him have no business in Alaska!
RT @DFkinLopes: Me: You're a hoe Hoe: You wasn't saying that August 12, 2014 at 7:22 PM Me: Well you're a hoe today on October 1st 2014 at &#8230;
I want, would like, to say something meaningful here, but having almost followed the same path as Josephine apparently did, more than once, I don't know what to say, except that a suicide is the most tragic death of all.
A very silly man, with limited capability.
"You shole lizz uhgly."
Unlike some others, I'm assuming your post is sarcastic.  The Bundy "gang" broke a myriad of laws, both federal and state, and are now being held accountable for their actions.  In comparison to the many felony charges they're facing, their "sanitary" tactics are very minor.
How could anyone possibly trust Donald Trump, after all of his lies? It's obvious why right-wing fascist bigots support him, but far less obvious why even they would "trust" him. Their inherent ignorance, stupidity and irrational hatred of knowledge and intellect is the the only logical explanation.
Bunch of morons should go **** themselves   WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH ARE A F***** DISGRACE TO THE CHRISTIAN FAITH! HOW DARE THEY BE SO F***** SATANIC TO HOLD PROTESTS AT SOLDIERS' FUNERALS! THOSE CUNTS NEED SORTING OUT!
Jane,  Isn't it wonderful that we live in a country where you are free to express your opinion.  My opinion, is that it would be best if you didn't join us sadists on the stream.
" I've decided to start a good Wikipedia account, so I can show you that I can do good to Wikipedia. Please accept my apology above, and I will create no more ""WackyWizzlepenis"" articles.  "
Ok, lets just look at the two sources that were part of the 100 FBI Agents, analysts and attorneys that conducted the year long investigation of Hillary's emails. Both confirm that the vast majority firmly believe that Hillary should be charged with violations of the laws concerning the protection of classified information, especially with regard to the 22 Top Secret emails. All of the Agents, analysts and attorneys conducting the investigation believe that Hillary should never be allowed near classified material ever again or granted any security clearance whatsoever, That was unanimous. That is except for Comey and apparently our Attorney General, who met with Bill very inappropriately and suspiciously a few days before Comey made his political conversion to a democrat complete.
Got news for you KON.  President Obama didn't spend a penny.  Congress is the only entity that can pass a national budget.
Connect the dots between Planned Parenthood and drugs for us.
when will this loser go away and take the muslim with you.
Sad but true. This man should've been monitored better, considering his history, denied access to guns, and gotten some psychological care. Now people are dead. This tragedy was preventable.
No.
Stir, You meant "working woman" correct?  Or is it just the men that work? Folks, there aren't just a few "hard working" Alaskans carrying the load for Alaska.  We all have a stake in this and we all contribute, one way or another.
Hahaha... I think your idiot NOT  IN CHIEF Clinton has mental issues... She’s surrounded by ARMED bodyguards while calling for gun control... just like the hollyweird far left...
Chicks love these ugly hipster faggots. Prolly cause they look like the dad that was never in their life.
@WyattNuckels I'm not fake bitch meet me after school then nigga
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. You tell 'em SJSJ5. "Looks like" only to totally deaf, dumb and blind partisans.
Bill Stoltze was planning to introduce legislation that would allow Uber and Lyft to operate in Alaska. But then something happened and he decided not to run for office again. I hope a different legislator takes up this issue. It is an important one. I do not use Anchorage cabs because they are sometimes not roadworthy, not well care for, dirty, and the drivers sometimes take the long route to a destination.  I say, break up the taxi cab cartel in Anchorage!
When your candidate is so bad, you're depending on the blind hatred of another candidate, your party is in serious trouble.
When they want me to pay for their grown adult able-bodied child living in the basement, not working, and watching ESPN with their shirts smeared with Cheeto dust.
I have done a new redirect to a comprehensive list. Theyre arranged alphabetically by province or region (scroll down). It doesnt seem worth creating a whole country list virtually from scratch. There is a complete online list at Pueblos de Espaňa, again organised by province.
U BASTARDS STOP BLOCKING ME! AAAAAAAAAAH f u all
"Beware the audience."
Those idiots, it could never happen anywhere but Oklahoma, could it?
see below.  america has had this attack on iran in the cards since before 9/11 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RC1Mepk_Sw
RT @NikoWavy: Men suppose to accept that they girl look like a piece of shit with no makeup but a ugly nigga can get a look? Lol ok bitch
It will all depend on whether she can change the bureaucracy.  I frankly don't think this is likely but I don't think anyone can.  I wish her luck.
Why even bother to give this woman a time of day. Bury her in the cotton field where she belong.
Are you kidding me?   Are you fucking stupid or something? Why in the HELL should there be multiple articles written about the EXACT SAME THING? Stop arbitrarily removing edits to stoke your e-cock.
Your Communist Muslim Terrorist Half White Ex-President is behind this.
@hannahtherapper @yunglust so when a certain season comes around it's time to be a hoe
What policy?
Wow so there is basically a different CPP for government employees.  I am at a loss for printable words that would adequately express my feelings.
He's a foul racist.  And so are his defenders.
Even my dog can be better governor, at least he won't be so corrupt
If you believe the narrative that Trump fired Comey to impede the Kremlingate investigation then common dictates that it would fail and even energize those working on the probe.  Just like Nixon firing Archibald Cox.  There's two possibilities: 1. Comey was let go for other reasons. 2. Trump is truly crazy. (Grabbing popcorn.)
How low can you go?
So powerful and inspiring!!
This is sad news.
Is this a bait to an argument? I do no think all leftists are violent or extremists, that's why I named one violent group.  I could name others on the left as well as on the right, does that help?
Let's at least talk right.  Those who crafted this tax know that this is not a corporate tax.  The tax is based on sales not profit.  It is a sales tax pure and simple that is called something else in order to get suckers to vote for it.  This tax will be paid for by the people just as if it were honestly called a general sales tax.  Business exists solely to make money for shareholders.  Certain profit margins are necessary or it becomes prudent to liquidate the company and invest in something else.  The companies taxed by this measure will raise prices to maintain profit margin or else they will liquidate their Oregon operations.  The companies are not going to eat this.  To imagine they will is intellectual dishonesty.  Once we agree who is the real payer of this tax, then we can address whether it is necessary.
Please execute them.
Eliminate dealers the old fashioned way, end of drug dealers.
this is why women of domestic violence get killed.  Apiece of paper don't mean NOTHING
"Nice attitude, you disgusting bigot."
Tellin me im disrespectful but i aint the one callin everybody a bitch for free
REDIRECT Talk:Pedro Téllez-Girón, 9th Duke of Osuna
Is this guy for real? . All was 'peaches and cream' in the Muslim world before the Europeans did .. what exactly - invented 'racism'? And 'Muslim identity'? . Does he know how non-black Muslims refer to black Muslims? 'Abd', Abeed - isn't that 'slave(s)' in Arabic! . Or, why is there a special 'treatment' for Kafirs? Why were non-Muslim taxed exorbitant amounts? Why is/was non-Muslim human deemed dispensable in the Muslim culture? . And so on.
@SchulzGrayson @Dswizzle3 if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy
Not the Alliance,  Most of the pickup owners that I know could fit their usual loads in the cargo area of a Prius C. They would even then still have room left over for several cases of beer.
"Comments are mostly meaningless chatter and is for entertainment."  how dare you!
"I have a 45 that has a 6.5 inch barrel..I'll bet that would fit better. You wanna suck on it? You will love the climax it has. Will damn-near blow your mind!"
I was born here in Oregon but lived the next 17 yrs overseas ... and since then California or Washington ...never spent anytime in the south. I don't hate anyone but as you are acutely and personally aware I don't suffer lightly idiots and A$$ holes
" Cheers for the note, I'll have you know though that the section title ""Abuse"" almost gave me a heart attack lol.  (talk • contribs) -  "
Please check your facts before posting.   This testing has nothing to do with common core, it's required by No Child Left Behind, created by Bush.   States had to do a test, and Alaska chose this one.   It was a poor choice, and this was to be the last year for this test anyway.   By making this choice, Mrs. McCauley may be able to recover some of the money because they did not deliver on the contract.  These standardized tests are much more socialist than Common core. Common core is the states forming a consensus about what should be taught when.  Especially for military families that move a lot, it helps the kids not repeat stuff or miss stuff when they move.
This money should be going to schools, not RTD or the zoo.
Yeah, it's just a flag.  Just like the flag that we're supposed to stand up and salute before the game starts.  Or, it's just a song, like the one we're supposed to take our hats off for.  Or a meaningless pledge , which we are drilled to mindlessly recite from kindergarten.
Religion and politics should never go hand in hand no matter which way you look at it. Any self-proclaimed spiritual idealism that tries to sway or voice for the people as a whole needs to be shown the door! With a swift kick to the rear end.
You're just embarrassed that Justin is even more dumb than Trump is.
"  The source clearly says or criticise it in any way. So where is the misunderstanding, I think it cannot be read in more then one way? According to the quote, general criticism of Soviet Union will become illegal. And I must say that I find this to be a truly sad day for Russia, when that happens.   "
Does ETF's Manager need to sell to pay for redemption? ETF's is not Mutual Funds The redemptions(selling) only affect the price of ETF's. They don't even need to hold cash to pay for redemptions. Correct me if I am wrong.
When I lived in Peters Creek, the son of the local gas station owner dove his plane right at the gas station (right across from where I lived) several times and pulled out. He was flying so low that when he passed just overhead of where I was standing I could see his facial features and red hair. I mentioned it to his mother who, I presume, told him to stop such insane maneuvers. What this guy in the story was doing will come out during the investigation. It does sound like he was fooling around...but I wasn't there so it's just my opinion.
Nugent is guilty of violent rhetoric, but it has ALWAYS been defensive in nature, meaning he says things like,  "If you try to disarm me, you can suck on my machine gun."   Stupid crap like that.  However, the Left is PHYSICALLY ATTACKING people simply for what they believe.  BIG DIFFERENCE.
So you are saying the bikes are not free.
You're hypotheticals never work out. While leaving isn't always an option, it was here, as she left, left being related (past tense) to leaving. And since when did newspaper articles become trials? Since never. This article is not a trial. Does she appear guilty to most people who have read the article? Yes. You're a contrarian on this one. You also have made zero point since posting comments on this thread.
Pathetic - same script repeated verbatim 4 separate times, showing a complete lack of respect for those at QP. We've got an idiot at the helm.
In regards to your being a fuckwitz  stop being a fuckitz
you suck hardcore   yep you heard it
his back benchers are now turning on him. clueless Morneau depends on clueless voters like yourself.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
'Damn you, whitey!' You'll get a kick out of the 'newest form of white privilege' http://t.co/zLpFZsITOm
@bernard80  Can you explain what exactly there is to disagree with in my post? It's a pretty easy solution, unless the whole point of this isn't to get more people to stay in the workforce, it's just all about cutting back benefits.
The coal/nuclear powered car will remain a novelty item. Wasn't peak oil supposed to be like global warming?
Nope - when Reagan was elected he had an approval rating over 50% and it went up, not down. The only time his approval rating was as low as Trump's was during the middle of the 80's recession.  Trump isn't worthy of wiping Reagan's butt
"   My recent RfA   Thank you for supporting my RfA, which unfortunately didn't succeed.  The majority of the opposes stated that I needed more experience in the main namespace and Wikipedia namespace and talk space, so that is what I will do.  I have made a list and I hope I will be able to get through it.  I will go for another RfA in about three month's time and I hope you will be able to support me then as well.  If you have any other comments for me or wish to be notified when I go for another RfA, please leave them on my talk page.  If you wish to nominate me for my next RfA, please wait until it has been about three months.  I will not be checking back to this page so if you would like to comment or reply please use my talk page.  Thanks again for participating in my RfA! '''''' Talk/Cont "
In da club makin movies. I feel like tyler perry. Fuckin niggas bitches.dey like why did.i gt married.
Especially you Fuck you for fucking up wikipedia. You can rot in hell you piece of shit.
What Walker has done took balls, and I'm not a "state employee", nor an "ADN columnist", so basically your statement is full of shite....
What a sweet gesture for his partner, and the rest of us get to enjoy his vision. I remember driving down L Street in ‘96 and have enjoyed it since.. I hope they continue his gift after he leaves. Thanks Christopher. ❤️
What a load of crap. You're comparing apples to oranges. Michelle Obama was vilified by the right for everything from wearing sleeveless dresses to wanting kids to be more active to planting a frigging vegetable garden at the White House. Your article makes it sound like no one ever said a bad word about her in 8 years. Let's never forget that Melania made the rounds on the right wing media outlets in support of her husband's racist birther crap.
Name Change   Don't know if this is the correct place to post but the main reason I would like my name changed is so my full name is not shown. Thanks.
An elected fool is still a fool. Not sure why folks think they will suddenly become capable in office.
It's OK a black man call you a white trash,  but if you say they are black, you get arrested for being a racist.  They pretend to brush it aside when ISIS killed innocent people and they are OK to let Muslim women wear Burqa on our streets but you wear a Great America hat, you are fired. They don't respect democratic vote and pretend to embrace in democracy.  Fck all these liberals idiots, they will turn your kids into Muslims one day.
Now let's see how tightly Kelly can keep the Tweeter-in-Chief in check...
The only effective way to stop a bad teenager with a gun is a classroom full of good elementary school children all with guns.
It is tough to actually realize that even though we have FELT like the Duck D was last we ARE now in fact LAST...that is not easy fo pull off...
These fools don't even know the laws they pass? They should all be fired.
Are you oblivious to the act while you focus on the content? Content that could just as easily been modified to fit the goal of truing it loose on Americans. ( We will never know how much, if any was modified.)  Just look at the reaction voters showed every time some "scandal"  was published about any of the candidates: the public bought into it  hook line and sinker as  the polls reflect the suitability of voters to internet news flashes.  When the war of the world was broadcasted American ran scared we were being invaded from outer space.  That was in 1938.  It is 2016 and it looks like a repeat happened  using the internet for the most part; Americans believed what was released.
"::::: ""...we can assess...""  Now would that be the Royal We or you claim to speak for other fellows?     "
How can this be?  Trump has caused such poverty, after 8 years in office already.  Unbelievable.
Or a smug dictator tired of dealing with a sycophantic idiot.
Two lunatics trying to show who's got the bigger thing!
Aftenposten is a newspaper, accurate citation from paper version, found the online version http://www.aftenposten.no/fakta/innsikt/Skistavens-historie-Hjelpemiddel-og-brakmaker-8288452.html. — Erik Jr.
If Sorensen believes that Clinton "is the best qualified candidate for president in U.S. history," why did he vote for Bernie Sanders last May?  Most Sanders voters will switch to Gary Johnson, Jill Stein, or even Donald Trump. They know that Hillary is a lying crook.
bitches dumb
Caldwell is enriching himself $$$.  Someone is always enriching themselves and doing something illegal to harm the public.
Her message is actually a poison arrow with a note attached. It says, "Die, scum!"
Best not to try and explain anything to JTP, Strada and others in a similar vein. They don't pay attention to what you write or think about it for a minute. They're too busy feeling sorry for themselves and defending their alter-ego, The Lyin' King, who is increasing the Emperor Who Wears No Clothes.
Nope - Cyril is a hypocrite right in there with the best of them. Does a leopard change it spots?
I can understand why Flake would support Hillary. They like to blame others for their failures and do not take personal responsibility for their failures.
Umm..they kinda do. Should we have just called this his free speech and let him go about his way shooting up the place and threatening people? Maybe you should request to be his 3rd party custodian, Roy. Talk the talk, but don't walk the walk. Bring him to your house and give him some hot chocolate, turn him into the citizen you just KNOW he is. Hypocrite.
The Amazons are coming, the Amazons are coming....
YOU CAN HELP CHIAN PIGS FOR LONG TIME ,BUT Y NEVER CAN NOT CHANGE THE TRUE , UNDERSTANDING?==
@felicity182 a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress reliever doctors recommend
Trump is a vacuous buffoon.
Pictures Dude I GET THE POINT...I'm going to fix them up.  Stop being such a jerk/nazi.  Why are you doing all this to me?  Jeez...
The data in this article are compelling -- housing prices and rents have historically escalated at rates painfully higher than increases in household incomes.  Housing prices are determined by the demand for shelter -- a function of population which in turn is linked to job opportunities -- and the supply of shelter -- in a growing market, a function of the cost to build new shelter.  The only way to house more people is to build more housing, but new for-sale housing is not affordable by those at the lower end of the income scale.  New private rental housing is built only with significant subsidies, because current rents do not make the development of new rental housing economically feasible otherwise.  Hawaii has not built more public housing in any significant quantity for a long time.  Is there a solution to our problem other than lots more public housing?  As the writer points out, this takes money.  Do we have the political will to make it happen?
Sarah Palin would not have been this stupid.....
We used to hang slaves.  We used to burn non-Christians.  We used to slaughter American Indians.  Ahhh...the good ol' days.... /s
Mission accomplished.
RT @hippiescrub: egg avi in my mentions with 0 followers pussy bo dont want war .
Only basic bitches workout at planet fitness
&#8220;@Jae_Poppa_: @100046729 lol what else do we have in common nigga hate sleeping in the heat&#8221;&#128514;&#128514; summer is for the birds
@cristiannt_ nigga you beat who ass bitch we've never even fought so u need to stop making up shit and bring yo ass with them
@SelfMadee_YG wya bitch
Hey Rob, hope all is well with you and yours!   Regarding your below comment: I believe it's these types​ of issues which fall into CEO Geri Forbes "not under  control" category, and caused Forbes failure to complete goals?     ^ Here’s a clue: nine current or former Diagnostic Imaging department employees risked their jobs by testifying and describing their hostile work environment or terrible working conditions at last month’s hospital board meeting. ^  TRANSPARENCY?  The way CEO Forbes, her mob-staff and the Board of Commissioners (that work for the CEO) handle public members choosing to video record hospital meetings, is simply abysmal! But you know what I'm saying on that subject.   I've got an entirely different viewpoint than that of above group's mentality on the subject of TRANSPARENCY, and how it's supposed work "in the best interest of the PUBLIC" * I submitted public records request related to WhidbeyHealth CEO Geri Forbes final contract and all negotiation communications.
And yet those idiots at the State capitol gave him millions more.
What utter nonsense.
Yall hoes got nothing better to do than to gossip and play telephone.
Who is this "we" you are talking about? The Holy Father says to refrain, yet you and certain bishops/cardinals continue along your rigid, judgmental ways.  Your group of "we" is diminishing in both strength and numbers, while the larger WE support Pope Francis and we are calling you out!
"Why don't you and loweeell trade phone numbers so we don't have to read trash...how does one idiot top another...try to get it!"
Jeez, Woody, about time.    Marijuana is fairly benign as drugs go......but it's still a drug.  I smoked it regularly for about ten years, and while it didn't hurt my cognitive function all that much, it was a colossal waste of time -- looking for it and being high on it sucked up a lot of hours.  I didn't suffer too much from it -- held down a part time job, got good marks in school, and went through university -- but I had friends who lost most if not all of their ambition.  I wouldn't describe any drug as a "great drug" unless it is used in moderation.  Side effects vary in both nature and intensity, but they all have side effects, and some of them are a hefty price to pay for a couple of hours of artifical joy.
Not surprising from this old bigot.
Who, specifically, are the Nazis and Klan members in the Cabinet?
what BS -  rally around the man who is bringing Armageddon? He is escalating the situation. Name calling....really. He is a clear and present danger to the US.   he demands loyalty and will throw anyone under the bus when it serves his purpose. He is an incompetent, corrupt, Narcissist who would rather have millions die than admit he is wrong.
The Bof C are such fools. Why not strengthen the CAD w/ gold keep a moderately independent economy and develop markets on your own?
OH HOW AWFUL WHAT A TERRIBLE PENALTY I HAVE HAD BANS MORE THAN ENOUGH I HAVE MILLION IP:S BTW
Definitely need more men as brassiere fitters. Would women feel comfortable with that? It's an abstract illustration, but to base 'equal opportunity' as applying to gender based issues kind of misses the point.  How about more women boxers?
"Black males are disproportionately shot by police." Go on... what else is disproportionate about black male behavior? You're so close but just won't put your finger on it, will you Washington Post? Honestly, committing 50% of violent crime and only being 25% of those shot by police sounds like it would be evidence of police bias in their favor...
That's a false tricotomy.
One more example of Republican stupidity rammed through a traitorous CONgress devoid of any intelligence or common sense.  A bunch of knee-jerk sycophants following the worst Republican CONgressman in history to slaughter wild predators for the benefit of foreign murderers.  2 Senators equally stupid in their blind allegiance to every Republican destructive legislation against the natural world to fill the pockets of human predators.
That doesn't mean "square footage" won. If you study the Electoral College, you realize it's still based on popular vote, but in the 50 states and DC separately rather than nationwide. Again, the amount of red on the map is totally irrelevant.
That is likely what is going to happen.  Ever wonder where your recycled electronics have gone?
I didn't vandalise it you cockface!   I just told you shut up and sit down.
He needs to be suspended for game 6 but the gutless thus NHL will never show an ounce of moral leadership.
"  So what? She didn't use foul language she still acted like a royal bitch. She isn't queen of wikipedia. ""Get some tea,"" bullshit.  And you know what? Your a motherfucker too. You can eat my ass you son of a bitch. You can't go around and talk down to people like she did and expect them to just take it like its nothing.   "
Senators Murkowski and Sullivan: how about some meetings with your constituents during the break? Maybe some town hall style meetings with affected Alaskans, not just the C of C. Then maybe go back to DC and have some real committee hearings about the bill. Let's open this unpublic process! It's been a sham up till now and doesn't really seem to be getting better. Stand and face your constituents. Please.
Can't stand that asian dude just now, faggot gives me attitude cause I almost forgot my water, fuck u faggot if I wasn't on stage
RT @NickBratton3: I wish my parents bought me a car man.. People bitch about not getting what car they want when they want it, and its free&#8230;
You're a hoe ass faggot bitch cunt nigga
Creeping Death still stuck in my head bitch
Even the unprivileged can be discerning.  Dig deeper into the data and you'll find that Catholic schools tend to do marginally better (overall) than public schools.  This is because Catholic schools tend to have a tad more discipline applied.  No doubt the quality of instruction is comparable, but the added discipline seems to make some difference.  I know of lots of non-Catholic parents who sent their kids to Catholic schools for this very reason.  BTW, my original posting was not an attack on public institutions.  Canada's PISA ratings are still pretty good overall, albeit they have been slipping steadily over the past number of years (and that's another issue for another time).    In today's hyper-competitive globalized world, parents have a legitimate interest in extracting every incremental advantage they can get for their kids.  As the subject article implies, FDK is one route.  As I implied, private/Charter (or even Catholic) schools are others.
@themightylayman "We just gotta have a red headed Afrotino-Asian albino autistic Branch Davidian hermaphrodite on the Avengers!"
People are so BLIND..what he said was against ALL violence..what is wrong with people..first these blind people really have no idea who BLM and ANTIFA really are! They are there to make chaos..not to defend anyone against white nationalism, it is all about the chaos!.People are letting the left and the media define them..what fools!
Please surrender your CHL immediately. By your own admission, you lack impulse control and are inclined to commit murder under difficult circumstances that do not legally justify the use of lethal force.  People like you, who are licensed to carry concealed handguns yet publicly demonstrate by their words or actions that they are unqualified to do so, are one of the primary reasons why gun control groups keep pushing to restrict the rights of CHL holders.
https://www.google.com/search?q=moron&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&channel=fs&bcutc=sp-006
Much better, Mode, but what form of compensation should the victims of this registry be entitled to for the legislature having screwed it up so badly? I mean, when ordinary citizens screw up badly (like commit a sex crime) they pay dearly. So to be fair, the lawmakers (the agents) and the citizens should pay dearly. Correct?
More crocodile tears from the self absorbed media. Hold on, let me get a crying towel.
Big greenmile tweetin ass nicca
Multiple news outlets chose not to run this story, because of it's "unverifiable" nature. One finally just said "who cares, publish!" and voila, here we are, the facts be damned.
"The “natural” method is introducing chemicals to the soil." It is not. Prior to world war two, chemicals weren't used  to raise fruits and veggies. What did people eat? Food raised without chemicals.
That in itself is a laugh, I don't know when or how you got brain-washed, but it's time to get rid of your ostrich mentality.
It's #CampaignSeason, bitch. @MikeofDoom https://t.co/muxtC1fHmH
A special investigation should be opened by DOJ on the roles played by Rosenstein, Mueller, Holder & Lynch. It should focus on the Russian-uranium scandal & the Russian-dossier scandal.
No shit... this is why no one takes the press seriously.  It's like they're not in on the joke... Of course, you can have a chainsaw bayonet... you can stick iPhone holder on it too.  It's designed to be a utility weapon.  It doesn't make it not retarded when you report on it though like its an actual threat.
You_still_the_term._The_hierarchy_condemns_it._The_Magisterium_is_the_body_of_truth._The_majority_of_the_Church_(the_laity)_finds_Courage_and_its_support_of_reparative_therapy_as_abuse.
The best punishment would be: 1. Don't stay in that hotel 2. Don't buy any unit That will do it
How many times do heads of the Intelligence Agency's have to say there is no evidence of collusion with Russia? Is there anything dumber and so filled with hate as an ignorant liberal.
Emoji ass nigguh
You are a bitch. #CallEmLikeISeeEm
Go to hell   Only stooges block people.
Thank you, Brian Mulroney, for the great strings pulling.
The amount of garbage dumping, poaching, meth cooking, and other negative actions on our public lands are good reasons for closing roads.  The good news?  If you walk in, there are no bozos in big trucks with guns and it's just you and the natural world.  After having a few threatening interactions with stupid white guys in big trucks with guns, I ONLY go on the roads that are gated, it seems they are also lazy and afraid to get out of their vehicles.  I say let's give the wildlife some habitat; I'm really sick of the attitude that public lands are only for humans- we are in the midst of the sixth mass species extinction and it is human caused; the biggest reason?  Habitat loss.  Let's wake up to that reality.
Agree. An upbeat article, and let's hope it's right. But it's also hard to see why there is no mention of the sexual abuse of children and the coverups thereof, often by church leaders. Such actions are sinful -- no other word for it -- and it should hardly be divisive to point this out and seek to end them.
I am personally disappointed in our Canadian Prime Minister. Only someone with a disturbing mental flaw, can at the time when he is lecturing African political leaders on the need for more Human Rights, simultaneous be praising a mass murdering, oppressive dead dictator like Castro. Sunny ways my ,,
Kelly is completely on the money here.
RT @PlainBlack_D: Get these trash ass niggas outta my stadium!!! &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
A leopard doesn't change it's spots. Once bent, always bent.
For supposedly recovering from brain cancer, this worthless old RINO bastard sure seems to get around.
“We’re very good at building up our soldiers to prepare for combat, but we need to do a better job when they come back,” said Mr. Brassard  Well, apparently they're not very good at building up all of the soldiers for what they're going to see and do on a combat mission.
@Evan_White4 @jeremy_hemsley really that's why we got side hoes &#128526;
No because double negatives are bad.
and how many years till this beast is putting bucks into the State purse???
Eighth: Keep bankers away from policy and party politics.
Was done years ago, but the use taken to court by those who did or might get caught (or their sleazy lawyers) and was found unconstitutional by Alaska's wonderful court system.
3 millionaires just walked in why you tripping bitch you paid for the fight ? Lmao
Terrified from the second PA was too close to call.  Et tu Wisconsin.
Why do Hick and the Dems hate brown-skinned people?  They're nothing but disgusting Nativists and racists.
"You can even own a gun in the UK..."  Gun ownership in the UK is all but completely abolished. Who are you kidding? If you like the draconian gun laws of the UK so much, then move there.
3 million morons from California - one of the most liberal, dysfunctional states in the union, wow does that make me feel good..  lol
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
oh wow thanks for defending that guy who deleted everything i wrote.  how would you feel if you spent hours researching, only to have some jerkoff guy delete it?  you dont care.  you must hate me because im jewish.  you must be a nazi.
Come on, just because Hill of Beans is gonna lose, you don't have to make up garbage, get used to it!!! LOLOLO
Boy its its fake news Friday
Let the trial begin!  Nuff with the theatrics and assumptions.  Anxious to see if this prosecutor has the evidence for convictions on all counts in a court of law.  The defendants have plead not guilty so let's see if you can prove who did what.
I kind of feel sorry for the republicans having to endure this buffoon for another month.    Actually, no, I don't.
And the new, but far from improved, comment approval process and "moderators"  herej should fuck off and die. As bad and stupid as the crew on the CBC site.
Underwhelming would be a polite way to describe Trudeau and his student council
I'm off my meds again.  Watch out.  I'm danjerus
RT @Anointed_Mouf: Would be so happy, so many bitches would be humbled RT @djdmt: How would you feel if they discontinued the sale of weave"
RT @arigold_88: You and yo bitch break up and she start "lol" at another nigga, she gone for good bruh.
Tancredo is as nuts as Trump! So now being anti-white supremacist is a bad thing?
People are such bitches!!! Complaining over stupid things!
Freedom!  Sweet, sweet democratic freedom!!!
why would citizens who demand the truth go on trial? utterly absurd and stupid.
So pervert Presidents are ok though?
A couple of months ago I suggested that Morneau is that dumb kid who sits in the front row of your class, who after he attempts to answer a couple of questions makes you begin to look the other way for someone else. I noticed today that Gomer has acknowledged the same when he directed reporters to ask him questions they were attempting to ask of Morneau. Things are bad when a script monkey has to answer for a Finance Minister.
One can only hope that Governor Walker can expand this idea further once the commercial fishermen have eliminated even more fish.  Why not pay them not to fish? Just let them draw a nice federal check for staying in port.   They have a God given right to first dibs on wild resources while the rest of us get the scraps.  At least the rest of us might be able to catch a few for the smoker. Tap the feds for any reason and put it on the taxpayer so these guys never have a losing year. Weeeeh! This economic stuff is easy!
"“Mike, if you’re going to do anything, you better do it right the first time.” He meant that. He believed that you’re only as good as your word and it will follow you for the rest of your life." Very good words to base your life on. As well as "Do onto others as you would have them do onto you."
Suck it up, liberals.  We are going to drain the swamp in Ontario, Alberta, then Ottawa.  Your time is over.
RT @dinero700k_: These hoes really would sit in your face and act like they puttin the world in the relationship been fuckin off the whole &#8230;
Berman is probably a Denier; at best he is a miserable freeloader, who wants the benefit of fighting climate change while not bearing any of the cost.
So according to her, if you are a civilian and not part of the political elite, you aren't allowed to run or voice an opinion. The cons are off to a good start.
how can the be so many climate sky is falling cult members of the stupid club in alberta?  either that or the extra taxes you will pay on EVErTHING adding up to thousands a year out everyones pockets that are going to further kill jobs, the economy and peopls ability to manage lives while accomplishing nothing for the environment since canada is not the problem we emit so little!,, its time to get help to the brain washed koolade drinkers like you that are clueless on reality
Your such an idiot it would take me to long to point out all the wrongs in your hissy fit rant here
Were you at Sandy's when you added your comments above, RMC?  Sounds like it, although you usually employ such evasive maneuvers before you cut and run to the beach.  Did not complete your homework again, expected me to do all your thinking for you again, and then--when all else fails--play the victim card, as if anyone who makes a better argument and presents better evidence, that you don't want to believe, is just copping an "elitist" attitude.  How convenient.    Re not "getting you", I would have more respect if you just came clean and admitted all of your beliefs are faith-based, rather than fact-base--or, at best, are based primarily on your own personal life experience--and just stopped pretending you always have all the "facts" on your side.  Feel free to preach your personal beliefs, but don't fool yourself into thinking you are fooling anyone who thinks reality is far more complex than the simplistic good and bad categories your psyche seems to feel the need to over-simplify.
Unrepentant swamp rat traitor.
All that repubs do is complain and find ways to NOT do the job we hired them for - legislating and SOLVING problems.  Fix the damn bill and quit causing problems!  Work!!
Since when is a terrorist and traitor entitled to 10.5 million?
To use the phrase "throwing money" at anything is simply an expression of contempt for whatever you are throwing at.
I think your crystal ball needs polishing, it's getting blurry.
"The far right in the country have always been a small fringe group." Not anymore. Where would Saint Ronny be on the political spectrum right now? Goldwater?
@LadyVodkax bare it bitch. See what I did there
During the election, Trump promised that Americans would have better healthcare at a fraction of the cost. He never revealed any details because he had no plan. And, oh yeah, it was going to be so easy. Ha!
There could be some truth to that perception.  There are far larger and higher vehicles (meaning SUVs and big-a pickup trucks) in today's choice of "family cars" than in years past.  Without a backup camera, a higher vehicle ALWAYS means your line-of-sight view directly behind you is worse relative to smaller and lower passenger cars and sedans.  I'm sure all of us have driven behind a bus or van with the sign "If you can't see my rear-view mirrors, then I can't see you."
I believe security falls within the purview of Corrections.  I would advise the correctional officers involved to contact their union rep.
Canada is a wonderful country, it is the second largest country in the world after Russia with ten provinces and three territories...so where do you plan on living? From mountains to prairies, to forests...big cities to quiet hamlets. Cold??? Yes we have winter just like the northern states but our,summers are hot. We are known for our warm welcoming of migrants from around the world - but do your homework and see if you qualify...both of you may not get in so apply early. We have world class healthcare (free) and excellent social programs, top-notch educational institutions, a civil society with gun control and an inclusive democracy that runs well and has a moral compass. Americans know so little about us and their politicians like it that way. You will love it here if you give us a chance...life is short...You can always go home...your adventure awaits.
Who says it won't work?  The Chinese built a wall and they don't have a problem with illegal Mexicans!
@thewagnerer fags***
RT @DEON1093: AHAAAA DUHHRT @PAPER_CHAYSIN: These hoes are for everyone !
I am also an owner of a small private corporation with active business income and a lawyer and I have been annoyed for years that many professionals have been using these small business corporations to unfairly reduce tax. This was never the intention. What the proposal does do is to fairly tax private corporations that are using surplus cash to earn non-business income which allows them to pay a lower rate of tax than an individual earning the same income outside a corporation. This is eminently fair. Either the owner re-invests the capital in the business to earn business income and be assessed at a preferential tax rate or she can take the cash out of her corporation and invest it personally and pay the proper tax on it like the rest of us.
FB. I'm the one who has been suggesting that we remove the bell curves.  Kevin.
retard.
Steele is a bogus issue.  The Russians contacting Donald Trump, Jr., with the promise of giving him information damaging about Clinton is a big issue.  Then Trump Jr. bringing in Manafort and Kushner is a big deal.  The fact that he went there specifically to get intelligence from the Russians is a big deal. Someone claiming Trump liked to be peed on is just stupid.
you people are pretty overzealous with this whole free thing.  get a fucking life, you fucking niggers !!!23 16!!!
Garbage rag... garbage commentators.  Breitbart North  Not even a word about the 60 or so beautiful covered bridges in New Brunswick :  http://www.cbc.ca/nb/interactives/coveredbridges/
RT @MXLLXVV: "@VivaLAJuicyy69: ----&gt; tragedy smh RT @MXLLXVV: Niggas don't know you but will throw dirt on your name for the pussy you h&#8230;
I hate when hoes tweet about "hoes"...? Okay, that aint hypocritical
In the restaurant Russian caviar to go along with the Russian vodka!
Hillary Clinton is a liar, thief, foul-mouthed, evil, dishonorable, sexual predator enabler and you choose to support her. What does that indicate about you?
Silver City is 4 hrs south, but I appreciate the offer -- and I have a hobby, amateur rocketry (HPR level 1 so far).  But thank you for the offer.  My other hobby, Burning Man, which has me VERY busy at the moment, gives me familiarity with drone operators doing stupid stuff, so my question about FAA certification.
I'm pretty sure the dmv won't let me take a new pic, but a bitch might accidentally lose my license again where they have to take a new pic
#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Fisting | More lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy http://t.co/1PMAGSPkud
Manga cover in article   Can someone change the main article image to the yen press version?
"go drop dead with your tramp ass wife and your bastard kids."
I believe that this motion, while not changing any substantive law, still has a chilling effect on free speech as it relates to legitimate criticism of the religion of Islam. Frankly speaking, there is a perfectly legitimate and reasonable debate to be had over the fundamentals of that religion, its holy book, its general truth claims even in their most "moderate" form, and some of the cultural traditions and moral precepts of even the most mainstream forms of Islam. And that is to say nothing of the more fundamentalist, extremist forms of Islam that have a very large number of followers across the globe. To challenge the truth claims of this religion's holy book, popular clerics etc. is not "phobic" and has nothing to do with any phobias ("irrational fears").  That is why this government motion chills free speech, in my opinion. I have many rationally-based concerns and even an aversion to that monotheism, as do many in the world's free democracies and elsewhere. That is not "phobic".
The masses have the IQ of morons
To paraphrase Tom Lehrer:  political parody is now obsolete.
I'll save you the trouble of reading the article.   Jerry Prevo is an asshole.
So you are saying that the 12 year did something wrong by allowing herself to be raped and become pregnant , It is no wonder that under Republican administrations the abortion rate skyrockets and the docket of hungry abused children climbs while you ask for forgiveness and sleep soundly in your religious hypocrisy  :  (
"   J.Delanoy, you are a fuck'ing moronic asshole (Come ""pwn"" my sockfarm if you are able to, I've saved up a few socks and vandalised some obscure pages!)   F U C K  Y O U  218.186.8.234  "
The republicans are basically idiots; just like the democrats.
It has been reported that many of the photos were taken without the knowledge of the subject being photographed. How does one "take personal responsibility" to make sure no one has put a hidden camera in the women's showers?  Stop blaming the victims.
stupid.
It's long over, sit him. Let him lay bricks for the rest of the year, toughen his hands. He won't have to move, there's a bunch of brick layers in the starting lineup.
DON'T BLOCK ME I AM RIGHT AND I FUCKING KNOW IT. BLOCK THAT ASSHOLE KANSAS BEAR OR SOMETHING. JUST LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE.
get bent you faggot
Who are the heath insurance middle men, hedge fund operators, heath and pharmaceutical industries owners, who are able to dictate how much money they can squeeze out of humanity? How much do they take? I would rather pay a set fee to the government for me and my family, than to pay into the $triple digit millions that is the crooked scumbags salaries who bought off our Congress and administrations and US Supreme Court. These profiteers are nothing more than glorified leeches and parasites sucking America's lifes juices out of America until America as we know it, dies. We send Israel billions a year to support their Single Payer insurance on top of the 38 billion we just gave them.
" Apparently the Latrun people were bused from their village.  Not the Lydda people.  But Morris talks of people dying of hunger, dehydration and disease.  It is hard to imagine dying of hunger on a 10 mile trip.  One child fell into a well and drowned, while attempting to draw water.  Thus there was water on this ""death march"" of 10 miles.    "
joneb - you have to be sending this via your phone from your running car with the garage door closed.  As for the 'unfinished business' if you have been following the story, the business is that of the making of lieberals - Chretien.
It's about fulfilling the current administration's obligations to the for profit jails/prisons.
He's an embarrassment to humanity. Semper Fi my eye.
Hitler wasn't all bad - some Jews were not exterminated. Conservative idiot.
the question remais: was this premeditated? who did david give a ride to that house to that night? and we must demand life in prison with no parole for cold blooded murderers. never, ever, let them out to prey on anyone again. ever.
Nincompoop, that's a nice one! I'm partial to silly goose.
Going forward it will be a crime?  That's a slippery slope there, cowboy.  I'm amazed you're the DA.
LOL...the whole planet sees he's an idiot, and you blame one news outlet?  Just got back from Taiwan two weeks ago.  My very close friends there, who are extremely polite and avoid criticizing anyone or anything, asked me in a very polite way what I thought of Trump.  I could tell they're amazed mow much of a moron he is.
"Bump Stocks".  A week ago, 99% of American's never heard the term (which very probably includes the author of this article). Now tens of millions are experts on it....especially the reactionary, self-serving, money-grubbing, attention-grabbing, and opportunistic  Leftist Industrial Complex - TV "comedians", the mainstream media, and other Democrats.  With so many outlets - radio, TV, print media, the Internet, etc., one would think that Americans would be flooded with professional people calmly explaining the history and the situation to us to allow us to think about it and discuss it intelligently. But no. And why not? It's the way Americans have been getting information of major issues for 30 years now....and it gets worse each year.
RT @JustLeShay: &#8220;@TheKaosYatti: @JustLeShay Who said you was cute&#128035;&#8221; byeeee mad bitch! &#128530; come visit me
Unfortunately that is true yet some Hawaiians "forget" that if it was not for REPUBLICAN Jonah Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole many of them would not still be in Hawai'i now!
Irishguy delets other people shit. Cuz noone likes him
"Republican principles" in government are long gone.  Unfortunately, Murkowski is still with us.
It's funny how girls are crying over their nudes being on IG like bitch why you sending nudes to begin with?
You mean sweat like Trump?  Yes, he's feeling the pressure from Mueller.  Has it ever occurred to you that HRC is not the President?  I think it is you that is brain dead.  You blindly follow your leader's distractions, all 30% of you.
How about the politicians stay out of a public health epidemic and instead help fund it better. These sites are an avenue for addicts to find support needed to quit. Sure, they're using drugs, but they're also exposed to services that can help them quit and perhaps if they overdose they will be in a safe(r) place and then seek help after (addicts who overdose are more likely to seek help and to stop using).
As I've said before. There is an idiot born every minute or less these days. Optometrists are drooling.
I hate takin out the trash, I always be expecting a big ass dog to be in the alley or like a raccoon to jump out the dumpster
I may be wrong, but I seem to remember that the rules of the road(so to speak) are that if one Government Employees Union Group gets a raise so goes the others.  So, more Government Employees will also get raises. Of course, no one mentions that the Hawaii Government Employee's Pension fund is currently over $12.5 BILLION dollars underfunded, and this raise will only increase the deficit of the ponzi scheme.
Oh, the irony.  The chairman of the campaign of a man that craves media attention thinks it's the media's fault for reporting the racist bigoted ignorant crap that his candidate spews.
Do not give this animal back to the owner. His country probably is one that raises dogs for human consumption with no mercy for their victims.
You would expect someone who has gone through that ordeal to repudiate the ideology that led to it, but no, he clings to the notion it is just the Haqqani that are "stupid", and the Americans the enemy. The Taliban are "the good guys" they went to help as pious  Muslims (clearly they are: "God, pilgrims, sacrilege", the beard and headscarf even when released...).  No wonder they were scared of being in American custody.
An IRS audit means that a taxpayer's return has potential problems which need to be addressed?
RT @PRAYINGFORHEAD: mmy nigga flavio said deuces hoe http://t.co/pcMVjQXmUZ
Do you honestly think bigger government and more laws would have stopped this fool?
Life's a bitch &amp; then you die
It's definitely not the cost of skiing, couldn't be that...
70 percent black NFL is a 12 percent black country!  Blacks are nothing but low IQ apes!  http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user12162/imageroot/2016/07/18/iq%20race.GIF
I'll bet those that criticized Trump the loudest preside in the most indebted jurisdictions.    Just a hunch.
Shes not smart enough to be a professor. Just another out of state activist paid to post idiotic left wing bombs
The biggest enemy of science is todays sciencetists....and the moronic media that follows them.
UR  A  Racist  Loser
OK, lets look at what Trump disclosed -- According to The Washington Post, Trump described highly classified details of an Islamic State threat related to using laptop computers on aircraft. He also reportedly revealed the city in the Islamic State's territory where the U.S. partner detected the threat.  --- So everybody who is complaining is ignoring the obvious: 1.  Telling another country, even though they may be an enemy, to be careful of laptops on aircraft thereby saving innocent lives. 2.  Telling a country who is supporting a regime where terrorists are operating unchecked.   You can complain about Trump but not on this issue unless you think this terrorist info should not have been shared.
hello yeah this film is the best i've ever seen!
How much money would it take for you to ride the garbage truck in February?
RT @FuckHisTattoos: Niggas! Stop giving these hoes Attention! How About retweeting True beauty instead of retweeting these half naked MF.
THIS PRIME MINISTER IS VERY IGNORANT ,   AND UNREAD ,   HE WOLD LOVE TO BE KING   INSTEAD HE IS THE BUT OF EVERY JOKE   EVEN TRUMP THINKS THIS GUY IS A FOOL , A WANTBE ,
The idiot in chief can't speak for sh!t 😜👎
No Personal Attacks   I appologized to the girl for my actions and she forgave me. Disregard the previous post above and let me continue with my edits like I always do.
Oh shit, they've caught on......NOOOOO! Well, time to go to the next city and shit all over it then wonder what possibly could have transpired?
I wish Tinder would quit showing me all these broads with that retarded L gesture.  They're not smart enough to procreate with me. #BBN
Almost quit today they had me fucked up.. False promises to get me to work harder that's some hoe shit.
Come on commenter.  Your better than this. Your letting a little snowflake comment get the best of you.
I remember in Canada it was not a civilized discussion, but rather rearguard action. The anti-marriage side didn't want civil unions either, until it looked like gay marriage was coming in, and then proposed civil unions as a "compromise".
She's going around the state doing photo shoots showing her hanging with local citizens, while the local republican legislative candidates just happen to be in the frame.    So what's she doing for us?  Helping to make sure that the Legislative Majority gets reelected.  You know, these guys: http://www.housemajority.org/members/ and https://www.alaskasenate.org/2016/member/  Be sure to thank her for us, "Alethia".
Climate has nothing to do with it, you idiots!  Do you not get it that Putin is gathering his forces in the Arctic?  Just keep your noses in Syria while the reds attack right through Alaska!  Oh, and yes, if you go outside more than 4 times a year, you will see that Climate Change is very real and coming at us fast. Airheads don't just refer to blonds anymore...
Idiotic Sad Case   You're an ugly dumb slut and perhaps you should do something more constructive rather than being a stupid whore on wikipedia constantly deleting peoples valuable contributions on the grouds of your bullshit 'wikipedia guidelines' maybe you should stop to think that even though they may not have what you consider 'reliable sources' they still want to share their valuable knowledge they've gained from their personal research and experience on wikipedia in order to improve some of the bogus information that has been misinterpreted/misconcieved however still managed to be approved just because it was 'sourced'. You choose to refer to this as 'vandalism' i call it valuable primary contributions. you're an extremely self-centered & obtuse looser, you should get a life.
So much for making a baked Alaska.
Conservatism IS the defense of liberty.  gays have the same " rights" as anybody else, including unborn babies.  Socialism/Democrats/ progressives/ Liberals are for slavery to the state. aka government. How many of Hillary's proposals have to rely on the threat of violence from the government thugs with guns to force compliance, or participation ?
I agree that Petraeus would make a good fit for Secretary of State - but not for the reasons you espouse. He resigned as Director of the CIA in November 2012 - as it was discovered that he had been involved in an extramarital affair and pleaded guilty to mishandling classified information.  The first issue fits the basic Trump character and, based on recent historical precedent, the second exemplifies the skill set required for a perspective Sec of State.
Instead of yet another pointless Trump article in the avalanche of anti-Trump articles how about an article on something affecting many Canadian cities - like homelessness.
Uh, Trump is an idiot and a loud-mouth, but if you look at his actual platform (such as it is), he's not a conservative. He's a populist and, as such he is supported by a lot of people who would traditionally vote Democrat, some of whom are crossing over to mess with the GOP. I saw at the primary when I walked out and saw a lot of folks standing in line who I KNOW usually vote Democrat. I've spoken to some of them since and they admit that they wanted to give Hillary the best chance to win the general.  Trump also attracting a lot of folks who usually don't vote, regardless of party affiliation.  But when I talk to folks who have similar views to mine, we all voted for someone else. So, Trump is not a conservative and he didn't have the conservative votes. Unfortunately, the bandwagon effect has taken over and he will likely be the nominee.  I'm inviting other conservatives to join me in voting 3rd party. It's past time to get serious about what we actually believe.
Maybe Pope Francis should be invited to the next Juventutum gathering in Rome and he could have a listen to them.
I wish we could still thumbs down comments like yours.  I miss that with this new system.
Need to start up YELP pages for every school on the island.
Haven't we had enough of hope and change, America?  How about Americanism, Patriotism, Majority rule, Containing our enemies, Law and Order.  Trump - A man for all seasons!
The amount of this payment is ridiculous. His case is in no way similar to that of Maher Arar. I hope (likely in vain) the Speer family can apply the judgment they received in Canada and get the money instead. The current government has been irresponsible with this settlement. This whole issue must be considered in the light of the sacrifice Canadian soldiers made in Afghanistan, a mission initiated by the Liberal government of the day.
Berkowitz is an IDIOT & who ever made the mistake of voting him in office should be taking a real hard look at them selves. I'd rather see Mayor Stubb's in office then this STUPID Snowflake. His reelection is doomed for failure like his current adminstration. He gets a NO Vote for me!!
Troll job....  Wait...Did I see Carlyle in the 1st sentence? ....Really? He has been gone a long time (as info).  Different coaching staff now, different GM, different team...(I wish there were different haters)
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,, anther cry baby loser
Exactly. There is no land that size in Canada that can be re-established for dairy farms. The state of Wisconsin is all dairy.  Trump won there with dairy support. I think it'll be first to go.  Cheap milk made in America. America first.
How can you get away with such a potty mouth, i cant say $#it, dp mods are pathetic 😅
The Republican s@um are hypocrites. Ones person pork is someone else's safety net for those who were not homeowners but were still affected by Sandy's wrath such as the homeless and businesses that didn't qualify for direct federal funding or rebuilding help.  There were other needs that the affected needed help with, including repairing the areas and land that got hit.  So for Cruz and company, calling it waste was not true but they didn't care. So now who wants money.
Someone should give this idiot a slap on the head. He is not being very presidential. The Russian Candidate clearly knows nothing about leadership. Everything he does is destabilizing. While he wants change he is going about it the wrong way.  He invites legal action to stop his initiatives. There is so much resistance building up that when he leaves office much of what he has done will likely be reversed.  His special trade representative apparently said today that the RC will be remembered as a great president. That is highly unlikely.
&#8220;@__austinnn: @Satisfied_x &#128175; what u did Mr bitches&#8221; &#128514; stop calling me that but I balled
You mean like these guys...or not. Kerry, Bloomberg, Kohl, McCaul, Warner, Polis, Buchanan...
I support all of my niggaz and bitches doing dope shit on the west side and in my city LA
Yeah, I said you're disgusting. And you're more disgusting now.
Die you piece of ordure   You do not deserve to be on this planet.137.205.183.70
Sorry to hear about your divorce Alana.  Yes....another N Ontario divorcee.
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
Kilmer needs to stop with all the town hall meetings until he can get his own house in order. His staff are so incompetent that asking for assistance in a federal matter is completely pointless. If you want help you have to skip Kilmer and talk to Senator Murrays office because you wont be getting any from Kilmer. I know, I tried. What a joke that was. Yet another politician just taking up space in the world.
They will also find out who really murdered Nicole Simpson and whether Elvis is still alive.
garycrum: Unlike the alien invaders, the "Trumpsters" didn't get blown up, so it's unclear what the point of your post is other than to troll, harass, and make up names for people you hate. (Do you call Clinton supporters Clintonsters? Do you say Sandersters? Obamasters?)
Animals 😠
It is like they put his name on the wrong side, if they wanted to sell shirts.  On the front it should say "GET OUT side", with Bill Walker underneath, and on the back it could have "Alaska State Parks" written in.
"...and as a team we’re getting better,” Joseph said  If Sunday's game was "getting better", I'd hate to see what "getting worse" looks like.
Tupac could fuck any bitch in the world in 1996 and niggas on here crying about a pic he took FOR BITCHES
RT @trix2343: @ZitlalyL @Vic_Manzan0 he's a beaner not a nigga
by your level of feverish enthusiasm and agitation, I can only assume that you'll be writing to the board next July as AhhWhatsmy nameEh
Read all the comments below. A real microcosm of our nation. God I pray Alaska isn't one of the "moron states" that go for Trump. History will ensure folks who supported the misogynist, racist, bigot Trump are going to wear that dubious badge for quite some time.
HabFan410  Why do you choose to comment on an article that you have not even read or if you did then you didn’t understand.  Your comments are wrong and not relevant to the article. You talk about dragging the Kadar family before the court to defend themselves.  I hate to break this to you but since papa’s death the only one remaining who was born outside the country is mama. ALL THE CHILDREN were born in Canada and obtained citizenship the same way any of us born in Canada do.  There citizenship can never be removed.  Please just stop blathering.
Let's decertify the EFTO.
Recent governments have put "social engineering" projects ahead of the economy at a time when technology and outsourcing is dramatically changing job opportunities and wage growth. To make matters worse many of the social projects have raised the cost of energy and taxes further lowering the standard of living of the average worker. So the rise of Populism should be not surprise. The people are telling politicians to get back to managing the economy. As the first Clinton learned, "Its the economy, stupid"
Doubt it.
When the majority of students clearly disagree with the student union's position on Canada Day, and the DSU claims to represent the views of ALL Dal students, that is an untenable position for the DSU. Instead of having a temper tantrum, act mature and recognize the progress yet to be made on indigenous, while at the same time acknowledging the positive contribution Canada has made to the world. The world is a better place with Canada.
Mainstream liberal media were all stunned by Trump's victory in spite of their unceasing and relentless demonizing of Trump as being a racist, a bigot, etc. etc.  It appears that mainstream liberal journalists can not accept a presidency of Donald Trump ergo this so-called "racism", one of the very thing to demonize Trump during the election campaign.  But on the question - Why did people vote for Trump  Simple:   (1) Build the wall   (2) Renegotiate trade agreements  (3) Drain the Swamp.  Racism?    How can one even think of racism when Trump intends to tackle low income African-Americans and Latinos in inner cities in his "Make America Again" programs.
"Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn’t add U.S. jobs"  Wait ... What? ... You mean we won't be returning to the coal mines and belching steel mills of the 1940s and '50s?
Hi, I just got a comment from you about links. What links are you talking about?  Do you mean Wikipedia links back to the BP article?
"I need a large, reliable SUV for $50,000. What should I buy?"  You're an idiot. I can't help you.
Oh made-up poster, what an asinine comment: which of his days on earth was Devin P. Kelley ever considered "a good guy?"  Perhaps you can ask his ex-wife.
To sustain the electrical needs of all the people in Alaska?  Dream on!
What is 'conservative' ? By definition - those who wish to *conserve* the status quo. But the status quo is the world liberals built. If conservatives had not been losing to liberals since the very dawn of time we would still be carrying all heavy things by hand because "the wheel" was a radical change to how people lived and you can't have that if you're conservative.  There may come a time when conservatism is not evil. That time will be when humanity lives in an absolute utopia where there is not a single hungry person, not a single poor person, nobody without adequate shelter. Where everybody has everything they need.  I'm not saying such a time WILL come, but that is the ONLY status quo whose preservation is anything but unmitigated evil. And since that is not OUR status quo - I see all conservatism as evil.  This world is terrible for too many people. I can think of very few things more evil than wanting to conserve that ! It's better than it was though. Liberals did that.
Either yall niggas just hella funny or she just tryna hoe around the block but you know.. http://t.co/x5feSfA1vB
"The scheduling of drugs in U.S. comes from authority vested in the Congress and the executive branch under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970. Under this law, Congress or the relevant federal agencies make determinations about substances based on their medical value, safety for medical treatment, and likelihood of abuse. Under that law, the government assigns a drug to a schedule and has the power to reassign a substance to a different schedule (rescheduling)."
wishful thinking there, it all belongs to the state. they just allow you to believe you have any ownership of property, the truth is we don't own anything when they (state) have the ability to come in and just take it.
In this case, "British-born man" = mediaspeak for muslim terrorist.
Geez, this is so poorly written it's almost embarrassing. Does this writer expect her flippant opinions to get any respect - for her or the causes she favours? She has little grasp of Camille Paglia, and I confidently suggest she would be reduced to a gibbering state within minutes of trying to debate her views with Prof. Paglia.
RT @maarycatherinee: @ken_dawqq bitch please i dont even make my own food &#9995;
&#8220;@arrogantori: Scrappy always on the reunion with hella hoes &#128514;&#8221;real nigga lmao
Nobody is promoting domestic terrorism, use your words wisely.  I simply provided a link to a website that clearly defines why each state received rank. This particular issue at the Malheur refuge began because a group of people decided the government was over reaching. Do you even know what a terrorist is? the people who took control of Malheur are not that and before you throw some more mud look up the definition of a terrorist and terrorism.  Have a good day Stoner.
and one again you waste my time babbling stupidity. There you go again.
McCain's brain appears to have turned to mush.
these people were hired to work for the "AMERICAN " people not refugee muslims !  VOTE THEM OUT
So because LE tactics are "extreme" in your words, they are responsible for their own death? That is the most ignorant comment I have ever heard. LE personnel don't know what they get into day in and day out.  They don't know whether or not the girl who is trying to report her husband beat her up is waiting behind the door to shoot the officer in an ambush. What about the transient that he or she gives money too instead of taking them to jail?  Why don't you go spend a shift in a patrol car with an officer and see what he actually does on a daily basis? Instead you sit behind your computer and criticize their "tactics."
S-Head crap like in surveillance photo needs a smack-down shotgun blast immediately if not sooner!
Sis said go to sleep I said bitch it's our b day I ain't sleeping &#128540;&#128540;&#128540;
Google "Park Hill Village" to see the difference between this and the upper class Park Hill neighborhoods.
RT @TheReal_Salmon: Snail hoe: my parents just left, they gonna be gone for 15 mins..  Snail: ok ?  Snail hoe: Im horny af  Snail:... http:&#8230;
I don't  understand how this story about "a shooting" brings "Comments" about "Politics" ?? geez !!! someone gets killed and you Idiots blame "Politicians" ... stupid idiots  ... me
@_Andsss cool cool fuck wit u too nicca
Gheez ,from my first trip out to BC/Vancouver in the mid 80s to now it appears that the greater lower mainland has taken a lesson from the playbook of the GTA or golden horseshoe of southern Ontario.  Keep building out and out, creating more and more traffic chaos.  How is that bridge over to Surrey like. The last time I drove it 8 years or so ago was a nightmare. I can only imagine what the commute traffic is like now.  Congrats BC.....lessons not learned from other jurisdictions. At least your not the worst. Calgary had a chance to do it right back in the 80s and 90s but their tight little development companies ran ramshod over council creating the most egregious sprawl outside  the good old GTA.  At  least down here we are still king of sprawl with people driving from St. Catharines to Toronto, and Wynn wants to add another 4 million down here.  Just nuts.  Endless sprawl, monster homes moving out and out, dirty money and outrageous debt fueled by greetdy governments and banks...sad
Don't post drunk, Tom.
omg that bitch sang uninvited? ugh :-( RT @AlanisNews: Setlist #mainestatepier http://t.co/tD3Bi3Ev2G
Sure then you Dem socialists can control the country forever, because all presidents will be elected only by the New York and California loon population.Our forefathers were rather smart,  more democratic,instead.
&#8220;@surfboard101: @Vomitdatruth I'm outside your house #comeout&#8221; this bitch
This piece of sh.. and his piece cr.. lawyer should not get a cent!!!!!
No offense and I hope you don't take this the wrong way, Skookum, but your opinions are dumb.
My unease about most interpretations of Revelation is that they approach the text as a coded discourse, which then makes their task the decoding of the text. But once one starts there, the possibilities multiply. Frequently, the beast is Rome and the number 666 is Nero, etc. The Anchor Bible commentary thinks the work was by John the Baptist. There seem to be no end to solutions, each rather tenuous. Pagels reads the text from her gnostic perspective, which dismisses both John the Evangelist and Paul as presenting a naive faith and champions the Gospel of Thomas as first century. In effect she is trying to rewrite the entire history of the early church by excising the majority of the NT (Paul 12 texts; John 4). With nostalgia she left the church and joined a Gnostic Community in New York, if memory serves. I like Malina because he can read the text as written without trying to decode it. Rather, he sees the Seer actually seeing his visions in the night sky, reading in the tradition.
Lmao they got the Titanfall jump in this bitch
you are gay fucken retards
The fake dossier was exposed DURING the time Hillary and the Dems hired Fusion GPS, and months AFTER Singer ended his relationship with them.  Maybe you wouldnt be so woefully clueless if you would actually try reading the article next time.
I understand completely.   Why use the very best source of information when it is only 99%+ good?     That would take away from all of the fun of guessing, knocking others' views, and the excitement of gambling on, at best, equal but more than likely, less than 50% odds.    At least Vegas serves free drinks.
@Stillmatic_12 @mike_ray7 what a retard
Wow crazy.  I've seen a lot in the war and as a combat veteran I just don't understand why people think anyone is different.  We all live under the same roof.  I'm from a village where legends of my grandfathers made enough noise for me to hear on the other side of the world. I look at history repeating itself over like a record player gone wild.  A nation divided by influence and lack of knowledge of information.  I was once told procedures are written based on people who got hurt or have done something wrong.  I hope people learn from this because this day an age a hornets nest can sometimes mean there are hornets around.  I do not want to disrespect my heritage or the people who live in Alaska.  Took me ten years to come home after the war defending our great nation.  I hope people realize Alaska is decades behind the world.  We are the last to get technology or voices heard but it is unprofessional to go beyond and ignore the constitution we fought hard to protect.  Bassee.
pt. 2  Continued quote from Pacem in Terris by Pope John XXIII  "Since women are becoming ever more conscious of their human dignity they will not tolerate being treated as mere material instruments, but demand rights befitting a human person both in domestic and public life."  Since this was written, women engaged in Church ministry----especially in teaching and in research have more than doubled their efforts in making sure---that the work and contributions of their spiritual sisters of the past will not remain covered or forgotten.
Request comments If you are interested in advocating a change in the existing consensus for how to deal with articles about online gambling companies, please contribute to Wikipedia_talk:WikiProject_Poker#Tokwiro_Enterprises and offer your view.  Thanks.
ROFLMAO.  Ex British spy, hired by fusion GPS at the behest of a Republican website, then later the HRC campaign.   Your point is that, since his sources were Russian he is colluding with Russia? That is so tenuous and flimsy a tale that I really did laugh out loud when I read it.   Meanwhile, people approach the Trump campaign literally offering assistance from the Russian government and they sat down in a meeting to discuss it. No collusion there, surely. rofl
RT @isaidthatshit: LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO RT @2ChainzLyrics: Put that muthafuckin jelly on that bread, bitch spread it http://t.co/pzTSt16cew"
Nobody is good, but someone will win
We got mob ties/ and all my hoes gangstaz too/mob wives/ bad bitches,but I don't spend alotta&#8230; http://t.co/LECZepIVS7
As a girlfriend I'm NEVER getting close to my boyfriend friends , cause they can be telling me one thing , and telling these hoes another.
National Defense is a low spending priority when you live beside the biggest, meanest kid on the block.
Because his dad is the chief of police for Eugene. So to make sure the investigation is impartial, the state police were called in.
Sick.  Truly sick.  No doubt you have case citations for us?
Ignorant!!!
A poll of an Angus Reid panel and not a poll of Canadians. Try reading the poll and it's methodology first.
Most of them were accidental MPs with little to no relevant experience but never expected to win a seat anyway.  It shows.
It's the number of people arrested over their lifetime--its between a quarter and a third of the population, and about half of all black men.  About one in three black men in America is a felon.  Google it if you don't believe it.
RT @Bigboybeezy: &#8220;@IgnoreAllLaws: Pick one http://t.co/TBWonqMnJV&#8221; the girl behind the bar who ain't being a hoe
Don’t be daft. If it went to court it would have cost a lot more.
Give the "special ones" everything they want and screw the sportsmen, nice!
The PC local liberal good old boy club permeates Eugene like the KKK of the 1950's south is in full campaign mode to put a babbling ignorant fool with 0 experience into office of Mayor to replace Queen Piercy. You can cut and paste their talking points, and gee, these clones are doing just that.
RT @hotwata: &#8220;@VSamone: tom ford probably fucking all these hoes&#8221; he probably would be if he wasn't a homosexual
People on Oahu don't like to walk.  They circle parking lots in their cars to get a parking spot closer to their destination.   But we're to believe they will walk to the rail?
"Except in this instance, the State is technically bankrupt, at least until the legislature finds a way to tap the principal of the PF to pay our bills."  my2cents,  This argument might be valid if there were other contracts or leases or bond issues that were defaulted under the "subject to appropriation" clause.  As a casual observer it appears to me that the decision was based on dissatisfaction with the lease deal, not a lack of funding.
Not good for Trump or the planet--even the GOP hates him and his idiocy.
Then some catastrophe happens and the same people who complained about excessive government are demanding explanations about why the government didn't do more to prevent it.
Mr. Trump's speech was another walk down the circus midway listening to the barkers and snake oil salesmen.  "Trust me...I'll make America Great Again."  Trump offers "faith based" politics with no connection with reality.  He promises a panacea for all that ails our nation.  Out of work? "I'll create jobs."  Making too little money? "You will make more."  Paying too much in taxes? "I'll cut taxes for everyone." Worried about illegal immigrants? "I'll build an inpenitrable thousand mile wall and Mexico will pay for it." Worried about crime and violence? "I'll make America safe again." "Concerned about national defense? "I make America so strong no one will mess with us."  Worried about the deficit? "I'll reduce it and eliminate it."    How will you accomplish all these wonderful things? "Hey, I'm the Great Donald Trump, trust me, I will make America Great Again."    Sorry, I'm not buying that Snake Oil.    regards, Gary
I suggest you consider changing your location to south of the border if that is how you truly feel about the Bully-in-Chief.
New Zealand uses evidence based medicine to evaluate the performance of pharmaceuticals and structures their formulary accordingly.  There are few breakthrough drugs being discovered; most are just "me too" drugs with no added benefit other than to extend patent benefit.
No, it is actually THE CASE. I don't know where you have been getting your information from, but in the last 20 years, the wealth and income rates for the bottom 90% of the US work force have actually decreased when adjusted for inflation, while the incomes for the top 10% have grown 80%.
You forgot one: The Classifier. Someone who goes around classifying everyone into to broad psychosocial groups instead of getting to know and value folks as unique individuals.
Viral Video - HYSTERICAL! RACHEL MADDOW Claims Rain Kept Only Democrats From Voting In Georgia Election  http://commoncts.blogspot.com/2017/06/hysterical-rachel-maddow-claims-rain.html
You're an idiot.
"It was his idiot parents, idiot."
An if u aint a hoe get up out my trap hoooouusssee!!!!
English Quebecers rights were not respected and the Canadian government didn't do anything. Therefore, according to Trudeau they are eligible to be compensated since the Federal government did not do a thing. Also, not only do they need to be compensated, I think there should be an apology. You might think this is silly. Just as I think the Khadar settlement was silly.
"   black keys info   Black Keys leave Fat Possum, pay tribute to Junior Kimbrough  Tuesday, 11 April at 18:43Connections    Buddy Guy   Junior Kimbrough   party of helicopters   Femi Kuti   The Shins   The Black Keys   The Black Keys - My Mind Is Ramblin'   The Black Keys Split With Fat Possum, Prep Releases  Kati Llewellyn and Amy Phillips report: The Black Keys and Fat Possum Records seemed like a match made in blues-rock heaven, right? But as Jack and Meg (or Puffy and J.Lo or Britney and Justin) will tell you, sometimes couples that look like they're perfect for each other just aren't meant to be. Sigh...  Black Key Dan Auerbach told Billboard.com recently that his band and Fat Possum have parted ways, and they are currently shopping around for an American home for their forthcoming album, which they hope to release on September 12. (V2 will put the record out in Europe, and Modular will handle it in Australia.) Although the album is untitled at the moment, songs slated to appear include ""Your Touch"", ""The Flame"", and ""It's Just Got to Be"".   Auerbach assured Billboard.com that the Fat Possum split was ""amicable."" Yeah, yeah, they all say that, but this time we actually believe it, for quite a few reasons. First of all, Auerbach and his bandmate, Patrick Carney, will leave the Mississipi imprint with a parting gift in the form of the Chulahoma: The Songs of Junior Kimbrough EP. A six-song tribute to the late bluesman (with an answering machine message from Kimbrough's wife tacked on at the end), the disc hits stores May 2. It includes ""The Black Keys - My Mind Is Ramblin'"", which the Keys covered on last year's Fat Possum Kimbrough tribute album, Sunday Nights.  Tracklist:  01 Keep Your Hands Off Her 02 Have Mercy on Me 03 Work Me 04 Meet Me in the City 05 Nobody But You 06 My Mind Is Ramblin'  Also, Fat Possum will continue to distribute Carney's Audio Eagle label, which has so far put out the Gil Mantera's Party Dream album Bloodsongs. Future releases include stuff by two Carney side projects, 10% Animals and Marble Arches. The latter also features guitarist Jamie Stillman (ex-party of helicopters), who co-runs Audio Eagle.  That's kind of the rock and roll equivalent of seeing the kid every other weekend, right?  The Black Keys are currently in the midst of an Australian tour, which has them playing some weird festivals with people like Femi Kuti and Buddy Guy. In May, they'll head to England to rock The Shins-curated date of All Tomorrow's Parties."
Arrinera Automotive deletion: My thoughts   No problemmo. If you thought it was not notable enough then that is fine with me. I just thought that a company that is building Poland's first supercar was notable. There are also many other source that mention AA but i chose to use the minimum and most comprehensive CARBUZZ source. But i am not pissed off or anything.  Maybe just a little disappointed.
RT @I_HATE_VA: Niggas be on here with these Captain Obvious ass tweets about how to treat women and these lonely low self esteem hoes be ea&#8230;
Ba+$h!t crazy $+upid is the best way to describe these Liberal clowns
RT @Luccixo: When a bitch start looking at bae &#128530;&#128514; http://t.co/o0AGdd9fQh
As much as I loathe Trump and can't wait for this four-year nightmare to be over, Trump can't become an existential threat to democracy unless the other two branches of government let him. Presidential power has constitutional limitations.  For me, the important questions aren't about Trump. We know who he is and what he'll do if left to his own devices. The two most important questions in my mind are: To what extent is the Republican-controlled Congress willing to sell it's soul to keep control of the White House, and will the Supreme Court be completely governed by political ideology rather that independent judicial philosophy?
DO SO ALL MEXICANS AND   BLACK PEOPLE ARE SHIT HEADS AND IM IN THE KKK FUCK HEADS!!!!!!1
It could be that repubs have simply learned from their experiences in dealing with dems.  Political vitriol seems much easier than getting the work done. I don't think anyone has clean hands.
I'd like an apology from all these Marxist idiots who are pretending that there is such a thing as cultural appropriation.  What utter tripe.  Feel free to quote me, or a make a quilt using these words.
Very simple.  There is no "unbiased" news. Just like using side and review mirrors while driving, I find it best to gather information from all points regardless of how biased they are. While that gives one diversity of info and thus knowledge it also helps understand the mind set of those like James Hodgkinson that only gathered knowledge from alt left sources like ADN.  Of course news doesn't have to be fake to be dangerous. It can simply hide some info that is not advantageous to a particular agenda and point of view.   So, just like driving down the road with your eyes fixed on your left side mirror, gathering news from only one side is dangerous.  Hiding (or hiding from) info that challenges your beliefs is not healthy for the mind.  Hillary's ex-friend Vlad identified it a little differently:  "It is wrong to make anyone into an enemy; it is wrong to scare the people of one's own country with that enemy and try to rally some allies on that basis."   Diversity, embrace it,
You're a funny guy, Debbiedowner.  When did a person with a third grade education at best become qualified to criticize an accomplished woman of letters?   Answer: never, until the Trumpnuts found their idiotic "voice."
Outrageous! The census is a violation of the Constitution. It needs to go. Trump needs to ban this so stupid liberals can't get MORE welfare.
Good catch   ...on the deleted article. Sorry you go so much grief an ANI for it. I've commented there . Nobody Ent (Gerardw)
"Daddy, can you write my essay for me? Please? I'm too stupid to do it myself."
Trivial or not, it was an insult.  Of course, an expert on Alberta like Ibbitson uses the minor furore over this to attempt to ridicule long standing serious grievances that Albertans hold with the Central Canadian power base.  Look no further than the current new pipeline blockades, east and west. In the east, foreign oil brought in by pipeline is just fine. Alberta oil by pipeline would be death delivered.  In the west, expansion of a pipeline with a 60 year operating history is seen as a harbinger of the end of days.  Scratch just below the surface of the objections of many pipeline opponents and you would find an old friend - anti-Alberta bigotry.  Trudeau the Junior mused openly about Albertans being unfit to hold the office of PM. Chretien the corrupt stated loudly that he preferred not to do business with those guys (Albertans).  Each of them just minor insults in isolation, but taken together, those and many, many others form a pattern. Clear and unmistakeable.
What the hell is an "assault pistol"?  People are so dumb.
Got a lil bitch from the 916
I wonder what this tool thinks about the children that don't even get to get born because the ACA pays to have them murdered in utero? When we allow the most morally corrupt among us dictate what our morals should be, we will be left with an immoral society. If you fail to provide the necessities to your children, maybe your genes are not worthy of future generations. For a bunch of Leftists that scoff at anyone doubting Darwin's theory of evolution, they sure do go a long way to reverse it by making life much easier for the less capable at the expense the capable. You would think if they had humanity's best interest in mind, they would leave the weak to their own fate.
Well, because I am straight (heterosexual), I dated men and I married a man. Because they are gay, my gay friends dated and committed to partners of the same gender, despite the fact that they experienced an equal degree of peer pressure from both our straight and gay friends.   It is developmentally expected and normal that most young people engage in peer pressure about almost anything that has captured their attention, and my friends and I responded in expected and normal ways to peer pressure:  we responded with choices that were consistent with who we are.
rofl she's just a fucking racist monkey.
They call me chief weak bitch
The things that insecure people do.
A big part of the story is missing and deserves more than one sentence about a furor over tree's being removed .  Mayor Sullivan and park officials knew women were being assaulted  and drugs were being used under the cover of tree's . No public meeting was required to perform park maintenance.  When they thinned out the tree's so police driving by could easily see what was going on---liberals attacked them with a vengeance .  Flower gardeners vowed to boycott Anchorage . They put nine trees ahead of public safety .  When Sullivan tried to clean up downtown by keeping people from sleeping on our sidewalks 24 / 7 , liberals attacked him with a vengeance again. They were thrilled when one guy camped out to personally attack the mayor . They didn't care if people were clogging the sidewalks or using drugs and urinating everywhere. That's personal freedom they screamed.     For liberals to now question what we should do is a joke . Liberals got the downtown they fought so very hard for .
Some might say that Ms. Clinton is the spoiler, not Sanders. I hope she will back him should he win the nomination. In fact, she might make a decent vice president, and that would give her the historic recognition she craves: America's first "woman" vice president!
He hadn't been in the USA since Bill Clinton was in his 1st term!   He was no American.  Just a useful idiot of Islamic radicals...
RT @OptimisticDoom: Fuck tranny porn. Hermaphrodite porn is where it's at.
Fat, self-fellating moron Trump can't even get his lies straight
I gather you don't bother to actually read the comments you comment on. Again, I repeat my question: "Where is this 30' wall of water that has swept through all these neighborhoods" ?
Leaky basement?
"Obviously you do not understand how complicated this is."  No doubt you are right. Maybe the Vatican needs a Court of Star Chamber to cut through the complications.  Henry VII and his son certainly used the Star Chamber to good effect.
Fake news? You mean babies and incubators? Saddam's Nukular Bombs? Niger Yellowcake? Assad gassed his own people? The British B.S. Corporation's Jane Standley reporting the collapse of WTC building Seven half an hour before it actually happened, while it stood intact and erect live outside the window of the makeshift studio? And then denying they mad made such a report?  Brian William coming under fire? Don't forget Hillary's tale of coming under fire, too, in Bosnia. U.S.S. Liberty. Gulf of Tonkin. Dan Rather's false report that John F. Kennedy's head had rocked FORWARD. The entire JFK magic bullet hoax itself, for that matter.   Don't forget the New York Times' star reporters Jayson Blair and Judith Miller.  The Clinton News Network (and the rest of Corporate Media, this rag included) operating as a branch of the Hillary campaign.   You think there might be a reason newsrooms are continuing to lay-off? The firings are going to go into overdrive next month.
now we have it......he's white, he's guilty.
Drudge points people to other sites that tell you exactly what idiots Democrats are....and that's why they want them stopped. The MSM ignores the real news, and invents or hypes half-truths to besmirch Republicans, so they get a pass.
Why hella bitches act like they got everything they have on they own, like no bitch you had some form of assistance
Joe Miller thinks Ted Cruz is the greatest Senator because he wants to obstruct everything that doesn't go his way.  So voting for Joe Miller because you're concerned about obstruction is illogical.
So you've conducted a thorough analysis of all my comments, have you? It's no secret you don't agree with me. Let's just leave it at that, shall we?  Or I can post comments on here--complete with examples-about how nasty and objectionable I often find the tone and content of your comments (and those with whom you agree) and we can both continue to waste each other's time. Not that it makes it any better, but I have a low tolerance for bullshit.
Clinton lost because she's an unlikable incompetent hack who has  a long history of corruption, bribe-taking, lawbreaking, graft, greed, and who purposely handled classified documents on an illegal and vulnerable private server in her bathroom.  She didn't lose because of the Russians. She lost because of 30 years of lying, cheating, corrupt behavior and arrogant stupidity.
These are all really great thoughts, full of rage and fury, signifying nothing.
"You can't see it because you're a clueless idiot. Show me how he is helping the middle class you stupid Obama semen slurper"
"   Further Protection   Ok, this was a good link you left on the request unprotection page )  You're probably right!  However, I don't mean to edit that part of the article, never have.  In fact, if you check my history, you'd see I never edited that part of the article.  I'm just worried when pages are protected and article aren't allowed to grow.  In this particular instance, instead of hindering the entire evolution of the article, I believe the better approach is to simply remove the few people edit warring (introduce them to Blocky McBlockerson).  However, either way I respect your decision, I know you guys don't have it black and white all the time.  Cheers,  "
Historical Note: a) two of the three recanted b) Mrs JB Gaillot, Jr. never did - if she is still alive today, she would be 96 years old.  She published a book in 1970 - God's Law - proclaiming that God supports segregation.  She refused to enter church for the weddings of her sons. Your point about excommunication's impact may be correct but not in the context of 1950-60s New Orleans and the archdiocese of New Orleans.  It was very significant. Rummel died almost blind; his co-adjutor returned from Rome and VII and continued to implement desegregation in the archdiocese.  That co-adjutor, Cody, would later die as cardinal of Chicago in his own state of scandal and intrigue.
the mom acts like a bitch doe like ok ur losing ur memory but don't be a cunt to ur daughter
You don't reject him at all, even though he IS intrinsically disordered, as are many others for many reasons.
left wingers continue to prove the complete stupidity and childish jealousy over trumps victory with every post
The victim's prior involvement with Methamphetamine and his own Creswell background is also interesting as this case unfolds.
Trudeau is a fool and a disaster as a Prime Minister.  He shoots off his mouth with absolutely no understanding of the issue.  I think that's a fair assessment, according to your criteria, don't you?
there are a lot of factors to consider when offering your building as a shelter.  . at minimum, the building needs to have an adequate number of workers present to open the doors, turn on utilities, direct operations, and control the crowds.  so, osteen needs to be sure enough church workers were available to work 24/7 shifts for the next two weeks. . there needs to be a plan for food, water, security, sanitation, medical/medication issues, cleaning and more. . things can deteriorate quickly without planning, staffing and supplies as was evidenced when the new dome opened as a shelter with little or no advanced planning, inadequate staffing, no food, water and no medical supplies. . easy to blame osteen if you are not the one responsible for providing two weeks worth of security, staffing, sanitation, food, water and medical supplies that evacuees require. .
Great investment...   one problem... the panels need to be cleaned every 2 or 3 years... more often in wet areas where black mildew builds up and blocks the sun...  cuts the effectiveness by 50% to 75%..  After cleaning,  our electric bill dropped by over $150 in one month.
Totally disagree with this article. The use of "this Land is your Land" immediately following  "America the Beautiful" was brilliant.   Born this Way was also powerful.  You are being cranky Russell. The use of drones to make backdrops was amazing.  This was entertainment. Pure and  simple.
@gabbella03 rt something else from another bitch in panties about love I swear
At least the Thursday matchups are better, for the most part, than the Monday games. Not that either is particularly interesting unless it involves a team you root for. I mean, who really cares about Texans-Bengals or Lions-Giants outside of those markets?
oh the point is on the mark.  You want to "let in" some comments and screen out others.  Walls.   I get it.
Okay but your number ain't been saved for how long ? &#128533; Okay Thancc You &#9995;&#128514; tf hoe.
Trump polices: Both cruel and stupid beyond belief.  His pathetic attempt to impress Putin.  King of the deplorables!
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
The editors at the globe and mail do not understand the difference between recycle and reuse.
You do realize that the Anchorage Police officers are APD and NOT troopers don't you?  And they do patrol the whole Municipality or in the case of Girdwood, pay for Whittier PD to so.  Trooper coverage in Anchorage is way in the rear view mirror.  The Girdwood post is gone.
helo i want some details about you ffor my school work> i chose you because i think that your a cool actor and good looking guy. here are some questions that i would like to ask you: wats it is like 2 b famouse? did you want to b an actor?  please write back      love sian lindsey xxx
Bitch ass nigger   Why did you edit my article? You added referances and I never gave you permissian to touch it! Fucking bitch!
Thank you Donald Trump. Canada will see migration north of the border, like we haven't seen since draft dodgers came up during the Vietnam war.
there is nothing far right about alberta conservatives loser, the left on the other hand is nut job alt left wing stupid
The best one yet.  As a former Alaskan of 25 years I carry a deep affection for the Great Land.  Now a resident of North Idaho, imagine my surprise when I ran into a film crew on Lake Pend O'Reille filming for History channels, "Missing in Alaska".  I was told that this was now Lake Illiamna and they would be filming on a public landing and could I stay out of the camera view.  Evidently there is not much HISTORY (or ethics) to the History channel or someone at History needs to check their GPS location before setting up the film crew.  Reality my ass.
More like an idiot's folly....
What rights?  Did the people protesting or even just walking around during the G20 in Toronto have any rights? Maybe the right to get beaten up by the police.  Did you know that over 140 First Nations don't have safe water?   And of course, the very hallmark of rights is paying for a plane ticket then having your child yanked off the flight because, well, because the airline can do it.  As for being black bagged and tossed in prison without a trial, that happens in Canada if you're charged with a terrorism related offense.  And coming soon, it'll happen if you violate one of Trudeau's marijuana laws.  At least the Turkish government has a reasonable excuse -- there was an attempted coup and there have some horrific acts of terrorism.  The fact is, liberal democracy just isn't working anymore.  It's time for "liberal democrats" to stop being defensive about it and start working on improving their flawed and broken theology. Otherwise it's going down to a miserable end.
Iit's time for the true majority to rise up !!!!    Democrats, left leaning Independents, and Moderate Conservatives outnumber the Conservatives 3 to 1.   We have the popular vote, and 90 % of all of the masses who didn't. We can crush them with resistance, protest, media, and boycotting them. Here is how we do it: 1. Don't  eat at restaurants owned by Conservatives. 2.  buy from Gas stations not owned by the Koch Brothers, or supplied by their refineries. 3.  do not buy  products from companies that have residual Corporate ownership or involvement with RPM Corporation (Dan Sullivans family) which include DAP products, Zinsser (Kilz), Rust Oleum, Testors, Varathane, Top Coatings, Seal-Krete, Watco, or Spray mate.  If you are a procurement specialist, look up RPM Corporation and identify their brands and pick other supplies.  4. Buy local foods and avoid brands known to support conservatives. 5. This is a start. Stay tuned to the internet, media paradigm shift Is about to occur
Hate groups will use any symbol to fuel their cause, need no reason, just because it is there.   The message is different for those who view them, just don't let the minority make the decision as to their fate.
That is ridiculous.
pathetic to see the lunatic alt left liberal sheep like you loser thinking that because the MINORITY alt left in the usa loves justin, somehow thats good for canada! when in  fact its bad considering the majority, the ones we do business with see thru his empty bs and hate him for his lunatic nonsense like paying a terrorist off with 10 million!
Another disgusting rat,  leaving a sinking ship.
running  nice times we have just about the same times
HAHAHAHAHAHA   This movie will always suck, no matter how much this article tries not to be bias! Mwahahahahaha!!!
hello old and crazy man.....
You're fucking gay. Get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet. It doesn't make you cool, you aren't adding shit, you're just making it worse. Get a fucking life.
Those are good points. Along with legalization, I would be in favour of expunging any conviction for pot if it's the only criminal record a person has.
"that bitch nipples was sharper than a sharpie, them shits was pointy af"
I wondered about the issue of touch for a pitcher too. I can confirm that an oarsman needs touch as well, but it is not as fine a touch as a pitcher would require (at least I don't think it can be).
The religion is referred to because the fact is Trump targeted  Muslim majority countries - if he targeted Christian majority countries you can bet there would be outrage
I would think that the chances of two mature woman, with their child, in a small swinging gondola ,20 foot up in the air, standing up to try and change places, would be slim to none.
&#8220;@DueceDaGod: @JefDaBest I'm on my Y.U shit using LinkedIn at work b&#8221; lmfaoo bagging them linkiden hoes lol
What an idiot
" Looks like, among other things, he was that, at least near the end of his life.  HR vol. 15 no. 3 (May / June 1995), pg. 46: In a letter, Martin writes, ""Personally, I am about brimful (sic?) on 'gas chambers' and may stop reading about the subject. As I have mentioned, I classify them with unicorns; for centuries Europeans have believed tenaciously in the latter since at least the time of Aristotle, but in all that time never came up with one. Maybe there will be centuries of belief in 'gas chambers' with the same consequences. I am sure the 'hoax Establishment must stick by this fantasy, for to admit that it is all smoke would seriously undermine faith in anything else they allege. However, they did slink off from the fable of soap made from Jewish fat..."" One letter of Martin's which is available online appeared in JHR vol. 12 no. 2 (Summer 1992), pg. 251). In a letter entitled ""Reflections on a Death,"" Martin writes about the Holocaust, ""...the Holocaustians have turned the whole thing into a new religion anyway. To me there is a close relation between a racket like this one and spiritualism, for example. Holocaust zealots trap their revisionist critics in much the same way that the spiritualists treated their scoffers during their heyday...The 'Hoaxers' do much the same thing: the more outrageous of the Holocaust atrocities they endlessly circulate don't have to be proven. Instead, it is up to those who deny they happened to prove they did not...One of these days I should try to get a foundation to underwrite a trip to central Africa. After returning I would announce that I had encountered a tribe of talking monkeys, and then challenge anyone who does not believe me to prove otherwise."" (See: http://www.ihr.org/jhr/v12/v12p245_Letters.html#Martin) (above from ). That, and spending 25 years hanging out with IHR puts at the very least a serious taint of holocaust denial on his fascinating resume. ∇∆∇∆ "
Looks like Jason is brilliantly pulling a switcheroo on the media, who will want to play this out as a condemnation of a male chauvinist wanting to cheat on his wronged, innocent wife then run from his responsibility, only to be given his comeuppance by the mistress. Instead...this.  It certainly is an unusual and interesting outcome
Lock her up. A great topic to discuss. The Dems are done.
I find it sad that an "educator" and KITV / NPR "political analyst" would take such a backward position that flies in the face of a well educated Hawaii and the rule of law. Perhaps just typical of the dim witted approach that seems to be making many far reaching and consequential decisions of late? And not just here but all over the world.
Anything that helps to discredit progressive ideology and its totalitarian impulses is a good thing.
Bob, we all  have the right to commit suicide.  It is called the second amendmnet.  Around 50% of gun deaths in this country are suicides.  You think this is superior to assisted suicide?  Maybe it is.
@_theDarius bitch get that job first.
If it is "sold off"  where is it going to go.  Are Canadians not going to be the benefactors?
Leo, I believe the purpose of this article is to possibly uncover political fraud.  If they find out that he did not break any laws he is good to go.  As the article stated, "Receiving public assistance while, or shortly after, funding one’s political campaign is highly unusual".    I personally think ALL politicians should be investigated, because they are ALL on the TAKE, one way or another.
Going hard bitch swear I'm on my job throw a quake in the air call that shit a lob
Hillary is gone...give it a rest. Whereas Trump is in power, and he's a proven sex abuser and misogynist.
@DarkLiquaNigga_ nigga grow some balls and concentrate pussy!!
We are not totally stupid, we know she works for CNN  LOL Look at her! She's got that CNN loser  look  OMG
A life sentence for the offenses against Malheur is too harsh.  The ill-managed over-sentencing of the Hammonds is one reason this mess started. We are addicted to over-sentencing.  Mr. Finicum would be alive if the occupation hadn't occurred, but his behavior over those weeks and on the day of his death suggests that he was on his own chosen path. In a way he was the most honorable of them all; he never abandoned that path once he chose it, unlike those who dropped their guns, their munchies and their dignity and fled into the freezing night when Ammon Bundy was arrested. I can't defend his wrongful acts, but he was hardly the Bundys' tool or victim.  It's also true that the Bundites swaggered in and out of federal buildings while armed, making messes and doing damage.  They need to do time for this.  I have been a friend and visitor to Malheur all my adult life and then some.  I hope that I can also be a friend to justice. Life in prison?  I hope the judge has better sense.
@TribalFollow_ you unfollowed me because you think you're the shit and use follow trains to gain and then just unfollow cause you're a pussy
Y'all hoes broke, be stealing from the mall but be flexing
I cannot fathom the stupidity of McCain believing any cooperation from the (D)s.  They have continually delayed, dithered, blocked, impeded every effort of the (R)s to govern on literally every issue from cabinet and judicial nominees to rogue federal Obama appointed judges to block presidential directives to implied impeachment threats.  The man must be the stupidest person in D.C.
Something I didn't realize is where's the outcry of Obama in his final days getting rid of Wet Foot / Dry Foot policy with the Cuban Refugee's ???
"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  I guess they forgot the part about being angry with in-laws.
They going to vote for it today.  Typical GOP stupidity, greatly enhanced by the dumbass in the White House, taking orders from Bannon.
Don't forget the $11.85 million purchase price for the WF building.
RT @RakwonOGOD: When ya side hoe tryna act up http://t.co/ayfGKVdEZI
I think chelski are crap!!!
Her problems started when Bill Clinton urged lenders to make funds available regardless of the risks. This they did to the detriment of this lady - you really cannot blame Trump.
Try paying $1927.00 a month for healthcare while I work for 18.00 a hour.  I'm low income with a job.  For the non-workers, I hear Canada has free healthcare!
"  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Saab_Lofton  Oh that's right you were kicked out of San Francisco State for being too radical! That's a joke  http://community.seattletimes.nwsource.com/archive/?date=19981101&slug;=2781130!  ""Lofton wrote ""A.D."" while a student at San Francisco State University and spent so much time hawking the book when it was published three years ago that his grades began to fall and the university cut off his financial aid.""  ""Of course, plenty of wayward students have had their financial aid renewed after having missed classes for far less substantial reasons, so one wonders why was it so important for me to be dismissed ""  Because of your grades dumb ass! You can miss classes and still get good grades if your competent.  the first and only of A.D. printing consisted of two thousand copies  Wow, that must have sold in record time! A whole two thousand, your almost as famous as Steven King"" Dorksickle!  ""I sold all three thousand copies of Btl Nvrg within the span of a year""  Somehow I doubt that since it was published in 1998 and you were still hawking it to Tim Boucher in 2006  http://www.popocculture.com/28/battle-neverending-by-saab-l  ""He lived on the streets in Berkeley while going to Solano College""  I looked up Solano college and it's 40 miles away from Berkeley. So I guess you must of hitchhiked there everyday right? Bullshit!  Hey lets see some examples of your cartooning. Don't got any right? That's what I figured.  See the lies just keep piling up!"
I can change my IP at will asshole.
This is some BULL S.....VSmith, when does my block expire?
And just when I thought the Hamilton Ticats couldn't possibly be more embarrassing of a franchise, they have to prove me wrong. Thanks Hamilton, making me look like an idiot for underestimating how incredible incompetent you are.
All signs are distractions! Especially those telling me to drive 55 MPH!
Bro's before hoes, not bro's over your girlfriend...
"Bigger than the Chicago Tribune and the Boston Globe? \xa0Are you HIGH???? \xa0 I've never even SEEN the daily caller, but I've bought the Tribune and read the Globe. \xa0What else you got? \xa0And by the way, your blog isn't legitimate. \xa0It's a fucking blog. \xa0A website. \xa0I don't think that truly qualifies, no offense Raw. \xa0But even YOU guys don't really count and you know it. \xa0IF they don't want to give them a press pass there really isn't much that they can do to force the White House's hand. \xa0If they give them a pass it's because they don't feel threatened and WANT him to keep up the bullshit to SHOW the country just what these people's true colors are. \xa0Obama and pals ARE NOT playing the race card and never have, no matter how many times the right wing assholes keep repeating that bullshit. \xa0But these people keep painting themselves into a corner of backwards-assed white power racist uncivilized and uninspiring troglodytes."
this guy @ToksVisions is in here singing negro spirituals n shit
Are you handy capable?
aaa liberal party sheep paid troll chris shilling the usual bs party line regardless of the damage it will do to our economy and more so now that the usa will not be doing any of this
Shrug. Maybe it's a Canadian bitch thing
False.
I''d put a bullet in that bitch...
"Wait your turn" also means letting the voters know if you are any good.  Running for US Senator before proving yourself in a state office is asking the electorate to take a huge risk.
LCC has many Trade type programs, so I am not sure what you are talking about. My neighbor is certifying for welding and diesel mechanic.  They also have nursing and dental programs. To make a four year school affordable for many the transfer program is necessary. If you can do two out of the four years of your Bachelors degree at a community college you can save thousands.
fucking faggot   UR A FUCKING FAGGOT LOSER SON OF A BITCH 'Bold text'Bold text''''''
Oh look. They all aired. What a surprise. Give it a year, and it'll be the SAME THING. O 220.245.146.235
Psst, rural voters: you're getting screwed in Trump's budget
"YABBA DABBA DOOOO HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YOU'RE RETARDED"
Stupid,Fat Mericans.
I think this is balogna. The doctor was not negligent, this girl received xrays, a ct, and probably a whole bunch of blood screenings. What should he have done to see this infection? Admit her? On what grounds? I'm sorry for your loss, but I just don't see how this is the doctor or hospitals fault.   Everytime I use mat-su er, every member of the staff is quick, thorough, respectful and professional. If i'm sick, I shouldn't expect them to quarantine me or test me for...African motabe (outbreak) haha. They do their best to get to the source.
christa_m  Is there an Ignore feature? I'm already tired of reading Amarcas Young's potshots.
10-1 odds, this will be used against Canadians who won't vote that useless selfie boy.
Got hit on by a 70 yr old cripple...&amp; thinking, even if I were to accept your sexual advances there wouldn't be much you could do about it.
You are a weak and insecure ass who copies other people's accounts.
I also think this is the case.  How long could he delay it for?
Are these white supremacists some of the "many fine people on both sides" that the man in the adult daycare center was talking about?   Think about that. We have a moron in the WH, selected by the EC, who has enabled actual Nazis.     Sad!
"  Sorry, it's just that I qualify assessments as giving grades, anything else I consider advice.  talk "
You can find AR (Army Regulation) 635-200 at http://www.ansbach.army.mil/documents/RetVetAR635-200EnlSep.pdf  Paragraph 13 (found on page 56) does not mention transgender or any synonym for it. However, paragraph 17 does say "Transsexualism/gender transformation in accordance with AR 40-501 paragraph 3-35 "may be" a reason for administrative discharge. It does not say "is" a reason.  I will quote AR 40-501 paragraph 3-35 in the next post, since the character limitation does not allow it here.
Wake up bitches
....and themselves.
I hope the best for  the new 1050  KORE
The turkeys who complain about people driving the speed limit in the passing lane ........... ............... also complain speed traps and their taxes being too high
What a stupid question.  How about the taxpayers right to enjoy our facilities?  The state and city are more concerned with the non taxpaying vendors, how much you want to bet that they don't pay any taxes!
You're not familiar with the movement to canonize St. Josef Stalin.
"CIA contractors likely breached security and handed over documents " The leak's timing bad is good for Trump. My guess is the leak went through an ally called Israel. The games of Empire and all that.
.@rustyrockets with Putin pushing for land and China completely revamping their armed forces? You're a fucking retard. Stay out my country.
Yes.  The press is usually a week ahead of Congress.  Congress is usually a week ahead of the American people.
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/racism Something else to consider, many of the comments here seem to follow this. If you admit you're a racist it is easier to change it, assuming you want to change. The problems in the black community are the problems of all americans. United we stand and divided we fall, something to think about.
Rationality in this context is impossible.    And I don't care if he is legally 'crazy' or not.  The death penalty will remove this useless and dangerous person so that he can never kill another person, particularly an innocent person.  That works for me.  Evil personified.
Goddamn it, it says on the blocking policy that I'm entitled to editing my own user page, you faggoting faggots. Leave me the fuck alone.  Fags burn in hell. That means you Latinus. And especially you Wiki-Alf. Banes is cool though. He's my homey.
Trudeau's been in power long enough to negatively affect the BC housing prices? You've been smoking in BC far too long. This has been going on far longer than even Harper, who actually had a chance to do something about it. Since Trudeau's been prime minister there's been a foreign buyers tax among other initiatives and the market has turned. None of these things have anything to do with Trudeau, I can't even say nice try, just weak.
The group respected the environment and everybody walked the same trail across Golden Point. The trail was meticulously marked. Making assumptions about people without any evidence is how meaningless battles begin. Calling people names does not allow for understanding.
For the $B taken in taxes and $B borrowed for new debt, we don't get much back.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gysu0kgFwT0   Libs, pathetic as usual and always.
Sounds like they were living like pigs! Were they not individually responsible to make sure that the fire escapes were clear.
@CSalazar_04 press start bitch &#128529;
Want to know how well informed those who bothered to vote are, this article tells you all you need to know.  Between voter apathy and a complete lack of being informed voters elected a guy who prior to the election withdrew from the race and none of you could be bothered to make yourselves informed enough to even be aware of this and voted for him anyway.  Poulsbo: getting the democracy it deserves.
All the environmentalists in the world can't stop an idiot who doesn't put their campfire out properly.
What about a petition to keep Minnery out of public bathrooms?  Minnery is obsessed with peoples private parts.  The dude is sick.
Larry Walker explained his feasting in Coors Field by stating "I hit Major League pitching." Of course, Michael Cuddyer won a NL Batting Title playing at Coors. The NL Batting Champion perennially is a Rockies player because of the Coors field advantage. MLB placed a franchise in Denver so they have to deal with the consequences of suspect performance measures.
RT @PRAYINGFORHEAD: pussy boy don't want war
Don't think that Joe (no relation I hope) Smith doesn't read books.  He's probably read "The Turner Diaries" nine times and has slowly been working his way through "Atlas Shrugged" for the past few years.
Let's give the secretary some slack so that she can evaluate the law that Obama shoved through at the last minute.  Besides when there is a problem with defrauding the students, the FBI will investigate, as in the case of former Democratic Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders's wife, Jane Sanders, who allegedly defrauded a small Vermont College of millions of dollars.
Companies put out job ads that look for “purple squirrels”.    They know that no of Canadian applicant will have all of the needed attributes and experience, but then they can go to the government and say: "You see, we had 500 Canadian applicants and not one was a purple squirrel! We know that there are qualified purple squirrels in Elbonia, if only we had a permit to bring them into Canada."    Of course the Elbonian workers are no more qualified than the Canadian applicants (and often less so), but they are willing to work cheaper.    Who loses?  Canadians who can't find decent jobs of course.  (...and the anger builds...)  ... and then the geniuses in Ottawa sit around rubbing their hands and wondering how someone such as Mr. Trump could ever get elected.
How ironic since the first thing you did when you met me was accuse me of being a sockpuppet...hypocrite.
We could stop buying Saudi oil if we could transport our own oil, but many in the east of Canada prefer to continue supporting Saudi Arabia.
Interesting the left-wing media went "bananas" when Jim Prentice asked Ms. Notley if she understood math.  The media said it was a sexist remark, and it was quoted again and again by Ms. Notley's media followers.  Now Mayor Nenshi has made a similar comment to a woman politician, but the media doesn't seem too exercised.  Double standard?  Nah!
Reference to Anne Adasiak-Andrew... The other day, the owner of a small Alaskan bussiness said that he supported an income tax. Now, he didn't want to say what type of business, but he did say that it depended on university graduates and sub-contractors. When pressed, he backed away from the question that his business relied on state and local grants.  There are hundreds of Alaska businesses that rely exclusively on customers from the private sector. Yes, it's true, the state and local chambers of commerce does not support an income tax. So we have two choices, one protects a business that derives it income from free money-grants, and the other relies on spending by employed individuals. Which by the way there are over 6 thousand fewer private sector employees spending money in Alaska, while there has not been a single state or local f/t employee, furloughed or laid-of; yes, the state has cut unfilled and vacant positions.  Now, explain to me how an income tax will increase spending?
RT @mzkiccz: I don't tell bitches I show bitches&#128524;&#128133;
Would you please:  a) Explain what the "Deep State Uniparty" is; I know what you want us to think it is but please enlighten us about what you believe; b) Provide evidence that Mueller is "a card carrying executive of the Deep State Uniparty; c) What Party does Donald Trump belong to and, if it isn't the Republican Party, why did he run  on its ticket?
&#8220;@TryHardSilva: Quote this with a weezy verse&#8221; you're like a bitch with no ass you aint got shit
i ask your forgiveness - not my intent to diss pigs.    intent is to diss trump  and his describing every woman who said"no" to him as a "fat pig" .  he's getting so FFFAAAATTTT? god i love saying it - him going all porker is t the most justice i've seen in years...
Drink up bitches
(Your handle is apropos, Winston)  I don’t think the 1984 parallels have much to do with surveillance, though.  The similarity between Trump and 1984 isn’t the telescreen or the Thought Police, it’s doublethink and revisionist history.  Big Brother is Watching You is telling for Google or Facebook.  2+2=5 and we have always been at war with Eastasia are evocative of Sean Spicer’s alternative facts and Donald’s assertions about massive voter fraud.
Since the ban zone extends to 8th and Oak, I wonder if this dog ban ordinance will fall flat on its butt when most of the banned dogs accomany their owners as they 'work' selling their wares at the Free Speech Plaza starting April fools day or thereabouts.  Also a possibility is that irritant dog owners who are unhoused could simply list their 'residence address' as Broadway and Willamette on their voter registration forms.
These are economic migrants, but of course they will tell you they are gay political dissidents escaping persecution.
"Right you are, my boy, you got that one dead right; especially if what you did and said back then now manages to drag dad down into the quicksand of an unending, unrelenting scandal for the next three-and-a-half years of his term of office as president."  Do you really think Trump will last that long? What is in the public domain appears to be accelerating, at an ever increasing rate.  If this continues at this rate, the Republicans will ditch Trump within three months.  And that is not including what is not in the public domain but which must be accumulating, inexorably. And could soon be in the public domain.  The  two Congressional investigations and one by Special Investigator have been very quiet, but they are presumably hard at work.  When they release all or something, the dam wall could break, and that will be the end of Trump.
And Hillary will the election on November 8/16..!
"' house, you are pathetic!"
The Kenai Borough Assembly is best summed up by the words of a great American philosopher,  "Stupid is as stupid does."
The only way that what Marc Shepherd said would be done most likely is if there's a Wikiproject for for NYC Transit, MTA, and MaBSTOA buses, which I doubt is needed or wanted.
National Post: http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/aside-from-morneau-three-other-mps-in-trudeau-cabinet-are-using-so-called-conflict-of-interest-screens Dominic LeBlanc, Jody Wilson-Raybould and Amarjeet Sohi have personal financial arrangements similar to the setup that has landed Bill Morneau in hot water
So that justifies it for the Liberals, the Cons did it to.
and our dear leader thinks these are actual independent nations? wow is canada screwed with such an ignorant in charge or what!
You are crazy racist!!!  You can't do that!!  There is no moral equivalency between this hate and that hate..  Protected classes cannot be charged for hating.
Ok so why is it that trials  move more quickly in other countries?  I remember that it was pointed out that two years after the Stanley cup riots in Vancouver no one had yet been charged, meanwhile, in a comparable situation that had occurred in the U.K.  Just after the vcr riots, people had been charged, and  convicted. They were already serving time, and well on their way to release.
&#8220;@ShianneAlvarez: @187XO_ maybe cuz your putting trust in a " bitch " not a lady.&#8221; or maybe because this a fucking song
@MrMooncricket @FuckTheMallcops @JimTalbot1963 @theharris338 work, is something adults do for money, not borrow from money... Broke bitch
For the past week and a bit I read everything about the Gupta e mails and the incriminating evidence flowing from them. Yet it seems that it is like water on a duck's back. The looting continues unabated. Why can the people who provided the email information not publish the proof that these emails are authentic?
hey punk dont be deleting my stuff, you know nothing bout the harly drags so stay out of my shit you stupid nerd, punk fag female thats all u, bitch
The Liberals don't give a crap about the west.......another truth.
Do you know what the tax rate is for the oil companies and what they really pay?
"I've been to three county rodeos and two goat ropings but I've never seen **** like this."
@IAMBJRAPS @cheffin_curry @GirlTimeUSA @LILBTHEBASEDGOD and you look like hmmm a nigger
as they are pertinent to your arguments
As someone who is intimately familiar with stupidity, this response qualifies as one of the stupidest comparisons EVER!  Ahhh, hey there Batty... The USA is only 237 times bigger than The Netherlands which happens to be the most densely populated nation in the world.  Apples/Oranges dude.  And by the way, I've spent a significant amount of time in The Netherlands (before Colorado legalization).  Yes, the roads are clogged as hell!  With bicycles! And I've seen more than a few rush hour bike wrecks.  I'd rather be in a car
A sales tax would be great, but we've been down this road a couple of times before.
DonkelOil and the other under-one-billion cap companies can pool their resources and take over management of all of the oil/gas operations in Alaska.  We can sue for contract default, for criminal fraud, and force Big Oil to turn over their leases to someone who will play ball with us.  We can get smart, and elect legislators who will not be afraid to do whatever is necessary. "You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time.  But you can't fool all of the people all of the time." "Make peace, you fools!"
I love having an androgynous name;  I'm a woman, fucktard! I don't pay people to have sex with me!  Your wife loves to fuck me.
If she were as great as what she is espousing, why was she terminated with such poor poor reviews from her previous  positions?  Just google for info.
"We championed principles like limited government, job creation, border security and budget balancing." That's the charade. Somebody tell Ken that it's really all about tax cuts for the 1% donor class.
Senate Votes   The numbers in the senate votes section do not add up properly.
This is a good example of "don't tell the police you have a gun if you are licensed to carry". Once you say gun, you stand a great chance of getting shot.
Oh just fuck you! when I get unblocked your ganna see some shyt, cuz I'm commin' foe you, and don't lye this is cuz I'm black, I'd get the police involved if I wasn't a nigger, you better unblock me now If you whant me ta stop being so black,
Roman Diversity: 1) Etruscan contributions include the arch, writing, language elements, sewer system, city planning, religion, art, metal work.  2) Greek contributions include philosophy, education, architecture, religion, culture, military technology, colonization.  3) Egyptian contributions include medicine, religion, construction techniques, agricultural methods, government organization.  4) Jewish contributions include religion.  5) Phoenicians (Carthage incl.) ship technology, trade, phoenetic alphabet.    I hope this list which could easily be added to is illustrative of how a diverse society promotes innovation and progress.
While its true that great minds think alike, it is also apparently true that scumbag minds (Ailles, O'Reilly and Hannity) also think alike.
That is not true. The GOP made Obama wait longer than any president ever for his appointments - for Loretta Lynch, he was made to wait 161 days alone. This says nothing of the fact that they rejected his choice for the supreme court - one of his absolute powers. I say: let's see how the GOP handles the other party being the vandals while the GOP tries to keep the walls clean.
Of course he did. He needed to know exactly what Daddy Vladdy expects in the coming months.
They don't add hardly any length, or affect operations of the towing vehicle to any degree, and only cause problems if someone overloads a trailer.  That will happen if it's licensed or not. It is optional for anyone with a lighter trailer to license.  I have one of these lighter trailers that do no require a license, and I DO license it.  I wanted it registered with the DMV in case of theft or if any ownership conflicts ever come into play.
If she can't manage her family what must it really be like to work for her? I think we all know.
Nigga ill take ya main hoe make her call her home girl and make em share the same dick
...and it's why they should not be permitted to hold offices in our government.
It seems the MSM and its camp followers are going to keep on choking on their own failed meme, over and over!
RT @Annnna_dav69: Ima make you my bitch &#128521;
Die crumb!
Was it those Asians again? Damn toxic masculinity.
&#8220;@VINNYGUADAGNINO: I'm a boss ass bitch ..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..&#8221; @sarahninjaginga
" No I'm not. One of the sentences read the people in the protest said things on their slogans as ""Freedom go to hell"" when clearly at the very front it says ""Liberalism go to hell"". Frankly I don't understand why the have to be repeated in the paragraph when the reader can clearly see them in the picture (as I had written in the article), which hardly constitutes as ""censorship"". If I had wanted to censor it I would have deleted that photo. The photo is perfectly acceptable. The previous images were, as noted by other editors, in violation of WP:NFC.  Talk Contribs "
I will say I love God as much as I like .
god, what part of fuck off dont you little pimply mouth breathers don't understand? Cna't get a girl but your'e king of shit mountain, huh? I laugh at you.
In fact, I would suggest a close but don't want to run afoul of the Jamaican Bobsled Team clause. The JBT may consist of Mitch and TMF who have yet to make an appearance, not to mention Larry V. Best to hold off.
If I remember correctly, the majority of terrorist acts in the US were committed by US citizens and legal residents. So what are we gonna to do with them?
"I see you dreamt about me all weekend. I am not into men like you are, and also cowards aren't very attractive. Now get to work you little cowardly stable boy."
Welcome!  Hello, Frigotoni, and welcome to Wikipedia! Thank you for your contributions. I hope you like the place and decide to stay. Here are some pages that you might find helpful: The five pillars of Wikipedia Tutorial How to edit a page and How to develop articles How to create your first article (using the Article Wizard if you wish) Manual of Style I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian! Please sign your messages on discussion pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically insert your username and the date. If you need help, check out Wikipedia:Questions, ask me on my talk page, or ask your question on this page and then place {{helpme}} before the question. Again, welcome!
"   You see...   ...I respect the rules; I think they are a necessary backbone in our society. Sure...there are times when one must chose to ignore them (for good reasons) but one should treat the rules as a backbone, a guideline of sorts.  But the rules are simply words and letters; what gives them importance is the way they are carried out. It is like, say, a football tournament: if there is blatant cheating, controversial circumstances without a doubt, and similar cases, then the competition would lose prestigue, importance, and it would matter little.  The rules are very much like that; in here, I was blocked for some BS. I will admit that I could have prevented the situation and acted better; however, it doesn't change the fact that some people here have blatant double-standards that I had to endure personally. And when the rules doesn't apply to everyone on a somewhat equal level, then the rules lose meaning, it becomes pointless, and it transforms into something I can wipe my ass with.  Where does that stem for? Giving the wrong people the wrong tools. I understand there are certain factions that are here solely to protect articles against vandalism (something I have done once or twice to test my theory out), but it seems the emphasis has changed: a great deal of the admin I interact do not try to protect articles, but seems to spend more time blocking users who are deemed ""unlikeable"", mostly because of difference of opinion (most of the time, it is nothing more than that. I have personally read a great deal of the admin's incident reports for this year).  So yeah...more or less. Plus, Digirami is a dumbass. I know he is getting pissed off (which I take great pleasure on), but mostly, I do it because he thinks he own the articles."
Is there a single person out there who isn't repulsed at the sight of Donald Trump signing off on a $110-billion dollar arms deal with Riyadh?  Yes, Trudeau who did the same thing!
Actually, people on Medication Assisted Treatment (MAT) are more likely to be able to work, because they aren't spending all their time figuring out how to get their drug or withdrawing.  People literally get their lives back.  And the chance of dying  goes down about 99%.  Clearly a cost-effective treatment.
Damn that man made global warming for causing all those ice ages and the breaking apart of pangea.
I'm all for educating the ignorant but it would be a tall order to lecture Trump on anything unless you are Bill O'Reilly or Shawn Hannity.
Excellent, argue definitions, and if necessary, demand citations and references!  Surprised to hear the Church does not teach infallibility.  Are you sure you are a True Catholic, and not one of those cafeteria types.  In any event, we agree, if God  says kill, then babies, pregnant women, whatever, it's OK to kill them.  In His Mercy, of course.
fear-mongering propaganda has worked masterfully for liberal social engineers herding emotional cripples.
Trump is a buffoon. And a traitor. He has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. He's disgusting.
Mrs. C. didn't just loose, she LOST TO "THE" DONALD.  Laugh out loud !
Regardless of whether or not he was speeding, the fact is, he is gone. How about you show some compassion for him and his family. You mean to say, you've never sped in your life? Ever?    I remember when he was just SGT Tucker. He was the nicest guy and one of the most welcoming person in my new unit. It's a horrible tragedy, don't make it harder for his friends and family by adding your slandering comments
This true lazy british  commonwealth behaviour has been going on for hundreds of years ,you breed all the aggression out of the last 2 generations of kids then us idiotic 50 plus crowd are perplexed why there is no opportunity for your kids were you thinking. Canada along with heavy social handed countries now struggle under crushing government debt and you have just enslaved your child to a future of miserable Living. As I told my Son forget education it has become the core of social brainwashing,Hence avoid the cliff turn back and use the money I give you to fly to the remote locations the wealthy occupy and stay out of the Matrix once in its a nightmare to get out.
What you don't see and don't understand is that (a) the people in Crimea were forced by Russian occupation army to vote under the power of Russian guns.  ( b) The Crimean Tatars voted against as did native UKRAINIANS.  (c) There were no voting lists, nor verification of voters identities. It was another Kremlin staged circus. (d) Both the Tatars and the Ukrainians voicing their objections are now being arrested and sentenced to some  20  years in Siberia.
@Myalynn__x3 mhm bitch don't play with your life &#128299;
shouldn't be driving mate
It is not just double dipping. I've been on a common statin for 18 years and my doctor still insists I come into his office every couple of months to renew my prescription even though my pharmacists phones to get a renewal. No tests, no consultations, just a scribbled prescription and a billing to Medicare. Also, I keep requesting a generic form of the drug but he also specifies the much more expensive brand named version  every time. Did I mention that he takes 2-3 cruises a year?
@imgorejess by not being an unloyal retard
RT @FREECEV: bitch get off twitter and text me back I love u
Once the Leafs lose and Don Cherry goes away, the hate campaign will die down for another year.
RT @VerseCharacter: When niggas want bitches like trey &#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128514; https://t.co/1hEIyCMQod
&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;RT @kwagiheath: Them 1st 48 Charlotte goon niccas gon Fkkk around and burn Bank Of America stadium down&#128293;
I have applied this technique one many occasions and seen considerable success .
Remarkably insensitive. In the future, please have the decency not to milk tragedy for the sake of a cheap debating point.
The US is past its best before date. Trump is to America what Nero was to Rome.
No, the Dems/Media didnt think at all about the ramifications of falsely claiming for the last nine months that Trump colluded with the Russians to "hack" the election.  They were more concerned about excusing Hillary's pathetic loss, and damaging Trump's presidency.  Who cares if they start WW3 in the process, as usual the end justifies their means.  Mission accomplished Joe.  Congratulations.
Thrilled that killy didnt win. Next question?
Why do these stupid politicians think that every profession will have complete gender parity like the general population? Reality doesn't work that way. Women have different interests then men.
look at the family law industry, biased, does everything to stay in business, one big scam from judges, lawyers, psychologists, social workers, children services etc. and no accountability.
If folks keep believing the media that continually lied and boldly published ridiculous stories and fake polls to achieve their goal to get Clinton voted in.. Then they will be outraged at what Trump is doing now.. Even if it isn't the truth. Whole new meaning to "Useful idiots".
RT @TheFitGawd: &#8220;I don&#8217;t know why these bitches laughing. You not even funny my nigga&#8221; http://t.co/0IdY5oSkrf
@GrizzboAdams @wyattnuckels I'm on that straight Cali kush bitch don't kill my vibe
This bitch weave game serious https://t.co/DRknioe6vh
Your post was uncivil and ultimately flagged for its abusive content by the people who read this forum. When posts disappear, its rather obvious why.
Well, labor has done nothing but give since the reagan era. When is it time for shareholders to give?  Boeing got money based on what appears to be false promises.
First thing that Trump has done that I can agree with! The Turks are so keen to have the Kurds eradicated that they have spent plenty of time attacking Syrian Kurds instead of ISIS and other extremist groups.
&#8220;@surfboard101: @Vomitdatruth lmfaooooo!!!!! U bitch&#8221; I'm using that shit from now on.
As far as I can tell, Harper has always been an American at heart "Your conservative movement is a beacon to the world!" says it all. And he only reads American news.
Roy Hibbert so trash. It's unbelievable.
Some do. Some don't. The article here already covers that. Some states and the feds call them a gang, Juggalos claim they aren't. Nothing new there. This is a primary source, but could be useful  since it provides additional detail that makes the connection.
healthy people never vote Republican?
Stalking   you little shit you need to stop following me around wikipedia and deleting every fuckin thing i write
The Republic as Plato envisioned it is still alive and well. The idea that the "American system says each citizen gets one vote, equal to everyone else." comes to a screeching halt at the door of the Electoral College.
The replacement ratio calculation doesn't account for future taxes and inflation either. Fortunately, in recent years, these have not increased significantly.
Never put nothin pass these hoes cause all of these hoes straight ratchet
ISIS doesn't just march around with firearms. They kill people with them.
Understatement of the year.  The Browns should be thankful that they are too stupid to file in time to make a deadline.  They were offering a 2 and 3 for McCarron.  Apparently they forgot that they are 0-8 for the year and have no hope, so trading for McCarron for this year made no sense.  They are going to be in position to grab one of the top QBs in the draft instead.  They can get a QB in the first then use that 2 and 3 for weapons, protection or defense.
guess there are rules when it comes to trash talking
Juneau has or use to have a Crime Stoppers fund that pays people for reporting information that leads to catching burglars, robbers, vandals etc.  It's too bad people have to be paid to fess up.
Shut down the gender studies department so money can be shifted over to engineering to make room for the females wanting to design better ways to make widgets and thingamabobs. There is no shame in getting one's hands dirty, but for some reason very few women want to, even for $35 / hour.
Look at south end of Forks, a real garbage dump, with criminal illegals living there, right next to visitors center! How nice! Welcome to Forks and the garbage Dump trailer park that looks beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like it or not, Trump is our future President, and in his usual fashion Putin is meddling, and kicking sand in the USA's face. This is nothing new. Trump can make the correct decision now, and take an adversarial role publicly with Russia, but to what end? People who disagree with Trump will only be giving Putin more power, by eating this stuff up, and using it to cast doubt on our resolve. Putin kicking sand in our face is nothing new. Please American's don't fall for this. Do we really want Putin pushing our president around?? That's not good for anyone.
yea right I believe this one sided pos
I'm sure Justin is speaking from his vast international financial experience.
You are the black 'living in fear in Oregon' it would appear.  Sad, Pathetic, Eeyore.
Hey  Fuck you, you Russia-loving cunt.
Jealousy isn't really love, is it?
or just some hyperactive GameFAQ fanboy, but yeah, this entire article is pretty terrible. I'd suggest marking it for cleanup, not pov.
I am not interested in corporate welfare, but our regulation-nation has gotten out of control. Remember Obama's "shovel-ready jobs": his admin decided to send every proposed project BACK through their new regulatory framework. So nothing got done except for corporate welfare for his cronies, repaving existing roads, and those cute ADA bump pads on every street corner.
@KenSuttling @LesleySuttling Him as well, They like their fried chicken,esp the spear chuckers.
Is there a website that delivers expensive wine, cigars and big booty hoes to my door step?
(Part two of two)  Peace accords will never be perfect.  After considering peace accords between the RCC hierarchy and victims of sexual abuse, the Faithful can move on to consider other peace accords; and after considering other peace accords, the Faithful can consider accords between the RCC hierarchy and victims of sexual abuse.  “Sing joyfully to the LORD, all you lands; serve the LORD with gladness” (Psalm 104:1b-2).  The lands include Columbia, and Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean, i.e. the U.S.A., particularly as the U.S.A. is entering the Trump phase of existence.  Hope is key, “Amen, amen, I say to you, you will see the sky opened and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man” (John 1:51) and implicitly on the Faithful as well.  Liturgy of the Word, Reading 208, January 5
"   You must have a pathetic life   If all you do is try to shut people up online.   I mean, you do know you are a fucking loser right?  I'm sorry, stupid question, you are a democrap so of course you know you are a loser. All you fuckers can do is whine for government handouts, claim to be for ""freedom of speech"" while acting like complete hypocrites."
Inspirations   Should Solaris by Stanislaw Lem be added as one of the possible inspirations to the game? The book also featured a living planet capable of psychic communication.
Ah the logic or lack there of,  what Mr  See and many crews do every day is part of " dealing with fire"... its caled prevention and it is a part of every major Fire Department in the country. It is what has reduced the number fires greatly in our nation. Just like handing out bike helmets and helping with is child safety seats is "dealing with" trauma. In Britian   in WWII they went into bomb shelters they didn't say" bombs are your problem".
To what end is he showing us his "balls:?
Still not feeling liberated  ? What a pathetic bunch you are.
And, what, install it myself?
Remember when I said Uchiha&#8217;s are faggots? This week Sasuke reaffirms that with flying colors.
This is the stupidity of Trumpers. Many teams had protests and are doing quite well.  It's a separate issue. But lemme guess you are an old white dude who thinks black should submit to you.
Most of these surveys are actually quite silly and superficial.  A better survey would require respondents to detail the principles and the chained logic of their reported opinions, vs. just skimming them for emotions.  How many of these Catholic respondents could work their opinions down to a set of underpinning and stable (across circumstances) moral theological principles?  Can they provide solid descriptions of their "opinions" in terms of  -the law of love? - justice (can they give an operational definition of justice, without waving their arms?) - intention? - the duties for which our freedoms are given? - the object of a moral act? - the circumstances of the action? - protection of the common good? - last resort?
It is wonderful to see our local government spending millions of tax dollars to help local developers make money.
Indeed. I was in Clevland on business and there was one on the news there.
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Paybacks a bitch.
This stupid bastard needs to go down to the local morgue and finish his self off'. He's a stupid joke and moron!!
I guess half of Trump supporters don't deserve to vote. Bitch.
Drug addicts are not "functional" you have to blind, deaf and dumb to pass by them all in Vancouver and call that "functioning" addiction.
During the campaign Trump showed himself a mean and cruel character. From insulting a newsman with a disability to condemning an entire nation as rapists, this individual knows nothing of dignity. Chaput's call to honor Trump with an honorary degree brings to light the treachery of the hierarchical church -- more than willing to make a deal with the devil. Shameful.
All your comments are really about why a person chooses or rejects being a 'cleric', rather than being a 'priest'. Our present system is to ordain only 'clerics' and demand that 'clerics' make a full and life-time commitment.  The problem is the 'clerical' system. To carry our sacramental functions assigned from the Bishop, need a person realy need ...."to be 'fully available' to the Church for life?"....
Hi, Natanya,  Thanks for asking. I will be happy to offer a full reply, but that will have to wait until I get more time tonight. For now, let me just say that the very choice of this church function, the Sweethearts Banquet, as a story for investigative journalism implies a secularist mindset on your part.   I don't mean to leave you hanging, but I am out of time. More later.  Cheers, Shisaisama
RT @RudebwoyRoscoe: Behind every REAL bitch, there's a bitch ass nigga that did her wrong but made her strong.
Whats with the nane calling and labeling.  Good Grief
24 Sussex too.
The article is not talking about corporate welfare, albeit there is plenty of that for another article. 😉
It is just a figure of speech, Mark.
Take the money from OLCC revenue from recreational cannabis taxes. $421 million from the last biennium.
"I WILL BE ALLOWED TO ANSWER THIS CHARGE...Clown, this the real JOE, and I never owned a red pickup truck, Considering you live on a very busy county road, you would get ""Red trucks"" roll by from time to time. Further more finding out who you are is very easy, since your have a very ""PUBLIC"" presence on the INTERNET and a google search on your name, beer, and Wilber yields the answer, The stalkers, you fret about, may be any one of your many, many fans who you have disrespected with all or nothing approach on religion and politics over the years. YOU should GROW UP and Learn there are other points of view out and learn to respect them. you seem not to have the ability, based on your long history on Wikipedia. You are truly small and delusional man. 68.255.4.250    "
The loss of manufacturing has left a hard scrabble service economy in many parts of North America. It will require stiff tariffs on goods imported from the low wage/low standard countries to repatriate  manufacturing  and the all important spin-offs associated with it.  The Trudeau Government is currently negotiating a free trade arrangement with China.  E-Mail your MP telling him/her to put a stop to this because the only thing China wants from us is access to our resource wealth so they can feed their manufacturing plants.
Trump To GOPers: Keep Pushing ACA Repeal Unless You're 'Total Quitters'
"get stuffed you common little plastic paddy. "
Music sounds a million times better in my car I love having a sub and new speakers. It's like a mini rave in this bitch. #bumpin
This was poorly written, and clearly misguided. Good luck out there.
RT @MoneyBABY_Rich: So tired of Yall hoes giving a shout out to yall Moma talking bout she ain't raise no hoe &#128545;&#9749;&#65039;&#128056;
Stupid name !!!  As my friend Stefanie said they could as least spell it as Lei-lo
"lack of reality lmao like seriously are u fucking kiddin me. we got married is nothing but FAKE! this is reality here, ji hyun woo and yoo in na! so mbc we got married psycho fans get real! an mbc come up with a real reality show!"
That's not the definition. You are drawing a conclusion. Your conclusion is that not all gay priests commit the heinous act. Which is observed. However, the definition is not made by choice, but by ones tendency/orientation which encompasses boys by definition. And thus my conclusion stands on the premises/definitions set before you. Not really a valid point you've exhibited, but a defense for the homosexual lifestyle rather than the life of the priesthood. Which is contradictory to defending men to be in the priesthood if they prefer their lifestyle over it. And would, hence, be a good reason they shouldn't be in it in the first place.
If I pay for a US station, I expect to be able to watch a US station.  Do we live in a free country?  Can the government tell us what we can and cannot watch?   Is this communism?    I have Sling TV, so I can watch the SB free of the confines of the obsolete CRTC.
He's questioning the judge's impartiality because of the judges ties the mexican race through his ohana.  Lawyers non-select potential jurors based on race all the time.  Does that make them racist?  I don't think so, do you?
I don't look up to them, I am stating that an athlete is not an entertainer. You may be entertained by a ball being thrown, but that is not their objective.    Donald Trump however was paid to entertain people.
Since the Korean missile failed today one less decision Trump have to make however there was a car bomb attack in Syria today killing 100  of Syrians including women and children.  Maybe when he sees those photos he will take action.
I too live on Lazy Mountain and yes the lot is way too small for a livestock ranch. I'd like to know where they keep the animals because I never see any.  This ranch is tucked away between a residence and a youth treatment center.  Glad I live several miles down the road.
" Adam, how about ID is ""the proposition advocated by the Discovery Institute that certain..."" "
what bs they spew, anyone can predict a huge deficit then claim they are doing better when it comes in lower,! this is total crap again from the libs
Joining forces would seem to be the best course of action.
When Trudeau talked about carbon emissions and climate change, he neglected to mention that he has a numbered company that sells firewood, i.e., he sells carbon emissions for profit.
Only people without anything to do have time to talk to pollsters.
Hi Todd Simmons, Congress did have a hearing about Benghazi. Most of what stood out was Select Committee Chair Trey Gowdy grilling her. Not sure if I can post links but you can search YouTube for it using Benghazi and Trey Gowdy as search terms. Trey Gowdy also questioned Hillary and Director Comey regarding the emails. I'm sure these can also be found on YouTube.  The FBI does investigations then does a recommendation to the Dept of Justice. Many FBI agents who put in the time and work are upset that Director Comey did not recommend prosecution as they thought they had enough evidence. Also the timing of Director Comey's announcement and the preceding events are very suspicious (Bill's meeting on the plane with the person who would prosecute Hillary days before the announcement).  The media is just pro-liberal with a few exceptions. They don't even try to hide it anymore. All you have to do is look at the topics of the stories they publish and you can tell which side they support.
ACH:  Or so you would think but with the clown show in Juneau I won't be holding my breath!
"Better to be judged by twelve than carried by six."
I suppose we the Canadian public could use a good union to represent us with our own government.     ....but seriously, an excellent comment... how can we ask the private sector    to work  longer while we continue to support a public sector with   better  (albeit negotiated) and unsustainable  benefits ?
your an idiot, this is a tax based on a lie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Smhn1gL6Xg
Don't worry about the bitches I use to fuck wit.
Not sure where You are getting the divisive opinion except for the raging anarchists on the streets of America crying racism. It's apparent that they don't want to pay for their education and Trump messed up all their socialist plans. Yet Hillary was embraced with open arms even though she is a criminal of the highest order. What the hell is wrong with you libtards that you claim to be victims? You wouldn't know freedom if it bit you in the ass.
hey loser,man you lunatics now think that an opinion is a fact? ,, REALITY never gets in the way of delusional left wingers like you
You're disgusting.
DOL does random audits, yes.
what are you talking about? Please explain.
Nobody ever talks about Golan Heights (massive oil discovery) in Israeli occupied Syria and the drilling operation being conducted by Genie Energy. Who? Genie Energy has a unique list of investors and advisors: Dick Cheney, Rupert Murdoch, Lord Jacob Rothschild, and James Woolsey. The underlying proxy being US, Isreal vs. Syria and Russia all playing tug of war because the illegal occupation of Syrian lands. I think if we were really fighting terrorism that goal would have already been accomplished.
When two idiots meet
Agree on the shoulder emblem, the helmet just makes it look garish.  I wouldn't mind seeing them do a throwback with that early 90s uniform.
You and tedwilson2 are finally removing the blinders...now smell the sulfur!
Murder, war and all kinds of violence is part of the White Man’s culture so I guess we should celebrate it.  Also stupidity SEE Donald Trump.
No, the typical Trump Cabinet nominee, in everything from economics to diplomacy to national security, is ethically challenged and  ignorant about the area of policy he or she is supposed to manage. The real fear in the Trump era should be that everything will become disorganized, chaotic, degenerate, clownish and incompetent. Your comment is childish and meaningless, much like Trump.
Pensions are a thing of the past, no need to address.  PERS and other government pensions and those of CEO's need to be addressed.  Times have changed, best all get on the same page.
Since planet, it could be argued, is already over-populated, why should infertile people be adding to population.  Sounds cruel, but is it really not best option for planet as a whole?
Wrong
You greatly enjoy it when when a large, long stick of feces enters your mouth   NawlinWiki, that is disgusting.
I have both an automatic Nissan and a little manual Aveo.  The Nissan works well but the Aveo is much more fun to drive, even though it is a really crappy car in general.  A free revving engine and a 5 speed box in a little car makes you feel like a rally driver when you zip around town. The main problem with manuals is that the clutch is a wear item but it is very expensive to replace in a front drive car, requiring a lot of labour to get at.
Lawsuit stands no chance of success, as others have pointed out, the seats are sold to individuals and you can't arbitrarily put somebody else in them. Why did the father not have a ticket for the toddler? Trying to save the money he spent on the ticket that the teen never used. Sorry but it's his loss if the teen left early and he had a ticket he couldn't legally use.
"why are you turning this fun event into a race thing?\xa0 miserable fuck."
"so its sad you idiot.  Ray is one of the best pure shooters... so dumb"
In 'simple', raro has 4 contacts, then 1; pero, bravo, tronco have 1; amor, comer may have 1 (certainly not more than that), but it's not a clean contact like we have in pero. In 'multiple', raro has 3 contacts, then 1; perro has 4. I wonder what perla or barca would have.
Decades ago, the American Nazi party marched on Skokie, IL to the horror of the large Jewish community there. No violent counter protesters were there, and the march was peaceful.  Today, the violent left anti-protesters think that the right to demonstrate and speak should be determined by them, and their violent acts are used to intimidate those they disagree with. The result is death and mayhem, yet the media blames ONLY those on the right.  The question is "should we allow free speech for everyone, or not?"
The staff did not stand up to the KKK.  They just threw themselves out of work.  Idiotic.
Did the MP make this comment before or after Justins government cozied up to China, Iran and the Saudis?  Was this before or after the Justin redacted the report on the state of human rights report in Saudi Arabia?   One year in and we are already seeing the worst PM in Canadian history.
LOL Trumpty Dumpty and the internets.  Let's hope he doesn't accidentally tweet a penis pic.  Meh, if it's of himself, it'll be too small to be recognizable, so I guess no big deal.  Winning!  LOL...
Gerald Butts did this in Ontario too: huge deficits, then first start ramping up the fees (government service fees have already been doubled), to be followed by huge tax increases (such as the HST in Ontario, which added 8% to gas, heating fuel, electricity, etc.). Just watch: there will be a 2% increase to the GST within two years- or Butts will hold off until just after the next election.
Apparently only idiots are allowed to make pronouncements and judgements here... anything sensible is deemed unfit for general viewing... what a bunch of fucking TARTS///...,, Where am i meant to be writing this????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Wow. Don't you get tired of hearing the voice of Carrie's mother inside your head every time you post? They're all gonna laugh at you... They're all gonna laugh at you... They're all gonna laugh at you...
Germans of Serbia   There are 3,900 germans in Serbia (most of them live in the north province of Vojvodina).
*scrolling through fb* some hoe says "need a man 2 cuddle in the cold with" bitch nobody wanna touch your #ratchet ass!
Good article. The teacher's union suggestion to change the schools name is ludicrous!
The one trick ponies want to try their trick again.  Don't be fooled.    These clowns can stop pretending JFK would associate with their ilk any time now.
Air Canada got a leg up from  US Homeland Security that forced travellers flying from Latin America to fill out detailed and expensive visas long in advance of their trip just to change flights in the US on the way to Asia and Europe. They now go through Toronto and Vancouver.
Why are you bringing the radicalized and extremely violent left wing antifa into the discussion, Link?
The Stupid, it burns!!!
I hate those kids in your class that are always complaining and just being a bitch/douche to the teacher
Not African American   Do not write a story that she is African American   http://bossip.com/888858/karrine-superhead-steffans-explains-slavery-comments-every-brown-person-is-not-the-same/
Please fuck off, your leftist PC nonsense is apparent.174.88.155.12
@CaptElliott NFN you bitch to much.
Is there a White Student Union too? Why can't there just be a "Student Union" ?
Clean-up Even though I write most of this, I have to totally admit after reading it from start to finish that this article is a right mess. The references are too web-reliable, there are also too many meaning the reference numbers make it look messy and clog things up, and the references list is far too long for an article of this size.   Another thing I see wrong is the lack of flow, the article jumps about a bit from one subject to another in the same paragraph, the idea of a paragraph is to keep to one subject, then if the subject changes, start a new one, looking back at what I've done, I've gone against the basic rules of paragraphing.  To be honest, it's as bad as a GCSE English paper entry, Feeder have been going on for 16 years, and deserve a miles better article. I was thinking some of us could all club together and work on this together and make a fresh start? -), we could set up something like a Feeder Wikiproject, and make a group of Feeder fans who are also Wikipedians to give the band the article they deserve, and also work towards a view of getting it to FA status.
The very same reason that trap & kill fails is the very same reason that TNR fails. You just cannot trap them faster than they breed, are dumped by criminally irresponsible pet-owners, or as fast as they out-adapt to any trapping method ever invented by man. ANY method dependent on trapping is doomed to fail before you even start. But hunted-to-extinction most certainly works. It even worked on something as small and prolific as The Rocky Mountain Locust that used to darken they skies of half of N. America at one time. A simple 50-cent per bushel bounty on them made them no more. It'll work even better and far faster on targets far larger and breed even far slower -- like COMMUNITY-VERMIN cats.  p.s. If you treat your pet like a 100% expendable bit of litter that can be ran-over by any car, then so too will everyone else treat it that way. The only person to blame for the deaths of ANY of your own animals is YOURSELF. You need to be convicted of animal neglect & endangerment laws.
Having Dunleavy as governor would be like having Pence as POTUS. Get ready to say your amens! Whether you believe or not...
True, NDP and other sliver factions like Muslim Brotherhood and Greens don't like this decision.
"The Dreamers" are now equipped with the knowledge of the American way to go back to the countries' of origin and make positive changes.
Horses evolved in the Americas, went extinct and were reintroduced.  Cattle were imported. The US Army slaughtered a bunch of horses at some time, I think it was to stop the "Indians".  The horse was the high tech, latest and greatest back in the day. Fast transportation, could do the work of several men, gave an upper hand in battle - you won't hear anyone bragging about having 240 cows under the hood... I prefer a band of wild horses, though they couldn't drag me away, to a herd of someone's dinner. The horses on public land should be protected, IMO - as should a lot of our natural resources.
You're an independent? That's what they all say.  Just afraid to commit so they claim independence.  Hey you didn't say you're not a psychic. So I hit that one on the head huh?  I knew it.  We have a psychic here folks.  BTW how much do you charge?
It is a shame what people are here, I am disgusting of you.
I didn't notice the "rest of Canada" tied to Norway's ass. Alberta has a lot more supposed family to support.
Damn @JustDoMe_ &amp; his nigger music waking up the whole school in the morning .. &#128664;&#127926;&#128543;
I imagine the real JFK files, the ones that did not get standing at the Warren commission and any other governmental documents related to both of the assassinations, were never copied into digital formats and thus cannot be purloined and finally allowed to let the truth out. It is a shame, because that is one of the most definitive events in American History where the government of the day was not believed by the majority of the population as being truthful in statement and action. Call out to Wikileaks - if it has been digitalized - find it. And don't go looking for my tin hat - I know where it is.
It's all buying and selling in the same market. If you sold in March at the "inflated" price and bought something else it, also, was inflated so there's no real issue. If, however, you bought in April and then listed in May you are hurting. I've always been against the norm which is buy first and then sell. To me I'm not going anywhere until I sell my joint. If I have to rent a bit until the right place comes along so be it. I'd rather not have a gun to my head. I'd rather have the money in the bank.
These seniors were a wonderful bunch of tough and skilled players.  The problem is they play for a coach who doesnt  know her head from her okole and insists that everyone call her coach "Bud".   UH gets the cream of the local players every year and every year they end up at the bottom of the Big West.  The players deserve better, the coach needs to go!!!
Thank you for posting this insightful comment. Wow it pays to dig. Shame on you Globe and Mail for not looking under the hood on this story. Crap reporting.
In no case has anyone's vote consisted of a crime.  We already punish criminals adequately.  We do not revoke citizenship in our country, nor do we exile citizens as most nations did in the past, and as some still do.  If you think your dislike of any citizen is grounds to cancel a fundamental right of citizenship beyond the right to move freely about his country, I think you are not only wrong, but dangerous.  Indeeed, there are plenty of people who, for reason of their disapproval for one thing or another, would banish persons they don't even know from citizenship and even residence the nation of their citizenship.  We have law to prevent the practice of exile.  At some time in the future, if we get a decent high court, the right to vote of any citizen who is of majority age will be irrevocable.  It should not be a crime to vote.
Mercy_is_justice,_especially_for_the_poor.
A question was: "What are some of the challenges you encounter on the job?" The answer was: "Dealing with traumatized kids is a challenge."  The teachers in our BC Public school system are also dealing with a lot of the trauma these children have been through. Both classroom and specialist teachers must do their best to understand these traumatized kids and teach them new skills and an new language. My daughter is a specialist teacher who does this work and it is very complex work when 1/3 of her school is now Syrian Refugee children ! Also the other children in the class are also interacting with and navigating new relationships with these Syrian children whose lives have been very different from their own.  It would be interesting to see an article in the Globe where the teachers and Canadian children are interviewed about how this new experience of having so many new Refugee children in their school has impacted the rest of them.
Goethean  I replied to you and Goethan on the use of opinion sources. See the talk section on Doniger.  Thanks,
Ball is life? No bitch bench is life &#128075;
"Speaking of being inbred, how's your mother doing?"
William Avery is a Flaming homosexual from gay ass britain
Why would she do that?  Just to be despatched by idiots like Trump?  C'mon, nobody should have to put up with his crap.
Lol yeah divisiveness, racism, bigots only represent the right. Maybe you've missed the protests. They seem to be the only bigots and racists I've seen and they certainly don't support trump. Seem to be pretty divisive as well with a war against whites. My favourite are the ones holding signs against hate and violence hitting people. You should add extreme hypocrites too the left. Also Neanderthals went extinct a long time ago. After seeing how the college "intellects" are nowadays with non stop whining and protesting I'd assume it's safe to drop the word intellect.
There have been a couple of court-ordered stays that ensure people from those countries who have been granted permission to be in the country are allowed in and not removed.
Many, many thanks Aldo  !!
98.248.32.178 I will set you on fire, I will shoot your ass up. I will cut your penis off and I will shove it down your throat and choke you. I will cut you up big time motherfucker.
Black on black killings.  Stop this madness, man, stop it now.  All of you criminal-minded shooters.
Brad Wall for PM.
for his good friend Cheeeeeze(Belly-Cheeze)!!!
u know I came to stunt  so drop that pussy bitch
All a smoke screen to divert attention away from real issues. Same old same old.
CREA's data is from sales that CLOSED in May, not sales that were agreed to in May. The data lags by about 2 months.   CREA's data, unlike TREB's data, doesn't yet capture the massive shift in the GTA real estate market that occurred in late April.
I'm sure he could of done a great wimpy Jay Carney voice.
I believe defined benefit plans will come back into vogue as there will be an avalanche of boomer retirements. This will mean recruitment and retention of employees will become quite the competition between companies. Yes DB plans have added expenses and liabilities for a company, but having a work force locked up (the proverbial golden hand-cuffs) means stability and predictability going forward.
VP Pence said we stand 100 % behind the Japanese while there, with regards to North Korea.  Yes he will, when he is safe back in Washington and the Japanese get blown up!  Then, other officials said we need to do more on missile defense before they can reach the Continental US.  What about us  in Hawaii, as we may already be in the cross hairs!  Bunch of hypocrites!
None can top the rapist-in-chief Bill Clinton.
The middle class is 24k-42k??? Ha, ha, ha, ha!!!! That's somewhere between misery and poverty in the urban areas. Perhaps it's time to redefine those numbers.
"What we have here is a failure to communicate" Mr Grootes.  I don't see this as the 'rise of the good' but rather a case of 'the rats fleeing a sinking ship'.  But I have no real loyalty to the ANC nor do I fully understand the dynamic of the power struggles but I cannot excuse his silence in the lead up to where we are now. I find unforgivable fault in the ANC and all within it for playing this 'game'. Peoples lives matter. Peoples lives have been destroyed during their little tussle.   But I understand that you have to back a horse and it will get you favour in future. I expect many glowing articles about Mr Ramaphosa over the next year.
Too cheap to pay for his own cremation.
This is what happens when you let irresponsible doped up clowns gather.
Kang isn't the only one with mental health issues.
Trump appointing all these bright minds; and look at the idiots we have.
"Sure, trolls have always existed since comment sections, and you're only following in a tradition." Internet troll - "A person who feeds off the anger of others as he enrages them over the internet." Be fair, you're trolling.
Another one who thinks that issue and problems are the same thing.
But will both sides agree??? Trumpers will distract and Libs will go overboard in their joy...Bet that...#MAGA
I believe I speak for everyone one the board:Please extend our sincere condolences to Kenndra's family and friends.
Trudeau must be lining up for selfies in his yoga pants as we speak.... You now this is April Fools joke right? No idiot would go to ChequesRUS - STAN without good cause.  The real question is why? Look up the words "useful idiot" on google. It becomes clearer  Trust me.
Damn, a whole family. Sad indeed.
Don't bother. They're too busy celebrating the loss of their rights and civil liberties to pay attention. And when the loss does hit home, they'll be yowling so loud they can't hear anything but the sound of their own pathetic sobbing.  Let the stupid burn.
What does any of this have to do with spirituality?  Most politicians are subservient to their egos, and in so being, disrespect their own souls and those of their adherents.
Holland is falling apart. Three losses in the past few weeks. And he isn't giving up one run, he is getting shelled. The Rockies continue to wallow along at .500 since mid-June. The only thing in their favor is that the teams chasing them for the wild card have been equally inept. But if the Cards or Brewers get hot they could overtake the Rockies in a few weeks. The Rocks are now on pace to win 89 games. Not so long ago they looked like a 93-95 win team. As usual, at the trade deadline the Monforts chose profit over winning.
A stupid policy, enforced by a stupid president. If donald could exploit the cheap labor of Cuba like he does China, he'd love the place.
Trump is sure to get his ass in a sling trying to play with the big boys - the honorable Sens. John McCain and Lindsay Graham. They know how to handle his kind of nonsense.
He may not have given an absolute number but he certainly said on a relative basis (to Obama) that there was an issue and then preceded to analyze the root causes for the smaller crowds incorrectly.  There were now magnetometer stations, Obama had the grass protectors, etc.  He did give absolute numbers for the number of transit riders which were shown subsequently to be incorrect.  The guy will have to quit his job if he wants to have any sort of post-Trump credibility.
Hal Turner   You are an idiot Everything the precvious edits are saying are true.  He's as recently as 12-20-06 admitted he had brutally beat a hispanic man just for crossing in front of his house.  This man is a Racist and Near Skinhead. You want to protect a NAZI Fine but remember by supporting him you are just making yourself an enabler of this man's HATE
Rest in peace Marines! Semper Fi.
Actually, anyone on government assistance in Alaska recieve less benefits due to the cash increase expected from the pfd.  Even if their pfd is garnished it is still considered as income and benefits are reduced.  And yes, some families will be stocking diapers, clothing, bulk food and other supplies that are hard to come by on minimum wage, or those that are on government  assistance....and yes some might even get a damn tv.
Are you sure you replied to the right comment? On the correct article? On the right website? Your post is bizarre and absurd.
Are you saying Naeole wanted harsher punishment or less harsh?  Can't believe he would quit because the punishment was too easy.  So that means he quit because he felt the punishment was too harsh.  So you're saying Rolo being too harsh is going to end up in a Pitino situation.  But isn't your point that Pitino didn't discipline his players at all?  Dude, your comments make no sense.  Love Naeole all you want, but the bottom line is he QUIT!  So, by definition, he's a QUITTER!
you are a creep! wow, disgusting person.... nasty fucker
@SimoneNicole3 follow me u sexy bitch
for you confused alt left ignorant sheep, see loser the administration has been a bit busy dealing with false news from cnn etc about russia at congress, now perhaps that the alt left has been exposed yet again for lying, they can actually do the work, oh btw,, who cares about any deadline, see the president can keep it going for his entire time in office if he wants to secure from those pathetic countries..
Of course you're retarded for putting up nonsense on wikipedia talk pages. Please refrain from doing thus in the future.
&#8220;@Stoney_Blu: Y'all big braid gelled baby hair havin bitches look like Dashiki from Don't Be a Menace ... This is not up for discussion&#8221;&#128514;
Well, there should be challenges for those here illegally.  Once again the DP is sympathetic to illegals.  Taxpayers have paid for the education of people who shouldn't be here.  There are ways to get legal status and temporary work visas...wish DP would highlight that instead.  Paying under the table to illegals simply depresses wages for everyone else.
He sent the information to the Democratic Attorney General; letting the public know that they had some investigations to perform is just a wise choice.
@renfro_tiffany @ADawg2016 adawg getcho ghetto booty up
...And don't tell me that these occupied lands are YOURS for centuries and how can you pretend to be people chosen by 'YOUR' God of 'YOUR' religious sect when this same God of 'YOUR' cult kicked out your ancestors Adam & Eve from the "Holy land” ? How can you claim that these LANDS (traditional, Biblical, fantastic fairy tale, according to) belong to YOU when 'YOUR' God of 'YOUR' religious cult has put at the door of the Earthly Paradise your ancestors of these same lands YOU just claim today ?  Something wrong in your head ???...still suffering PTSD for that ??? Vous n’êtes qu’une bande de voyous d’enfoirés ! (end)
Hoes respect niggas who get strait to the point I won't lead a bitch on if all I won't is crash den it will be adressed clearly#turn up
You realize the President's EXACT quote was; "Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a ***** off the field right now. Out. He’s fired. He’s fired!"  He did not say that "All kneelers should fired", "All kneelers are S.O.B's" or shut down anyone's "Freedom of Speech".  He posed a hypothetical question to a group of people.  The twists and turns of trying to associate everything the man says as evil is just loony tunes!  English is a great language.  Learn it, love it, live it!  Also, grab some actual statistics on the discharge of weapons by Police Officers Nationwide and actually see the idiocy of the premise that "White cops all love to shoot people of color".
the gop health care bill will return choice and freedom to health care , eliminating forced government decided care that has resulted in soaring costs and is about to crash given the number of insurance companies bailing from obama care ever week leaving millions wihout insurance!! ,, trump is standing up for the ave usa person to ensure choice and  lower costs while ignorant hate living sheep like you live in the brain washed ignorance of the left..
Aside from the fact that we make law appeasing religious zealots regularly, you miss the point. As well, what christians are asking that the state get out of the marriage business? If anything, it's the opposite. Religious persons of all flavors want state support. So let's not.  Take religious marriage away from the state. Nobody is harmed. Nobody is prevented from getting married by the state because the state simply doesn't do marriage. Civil union is a secular institution, a nice safe sandbox for the state.
If Canadian airlines could be 100% owned by foreigners then both AC and WestJet would make a great acquisition candidate for a foreign owned airline.  Let's also open up foreign owned Canadian Telco's, banks, railroads etc..  Is this in the best interest of Canadians?
The Republican bill is nearly what Obamacare is and Bennet calls for its rejection. Funny, if it wasn't so sad.
RT @22duces20: Happy birthday to my little ass cousin who doesn't remember who I am @1NOnlyDirtyMike hope it's a good one fag !
So who's going to ride the Rail system?  This is the million dollar question!
That pussy can't be that hairy shit gotta stink lol
@AliciaDaniella8 them hoes was trash
@n0tsteven whatever you wall hackin pussy bich I'll fuk u up like I did ur mum, ur sis, ur step sis, ur mums mum, ur mums aunt 420 bich bich
OK all of you elected financial wizards.  Where is anyone receiving an 8% return on their investment today?  Is this just another smoke and mirror number where one state account pays interest to a different account but they actually are both dipping out of the same bucket?  The permanent fund goal is a rate of return of 5 percent and total investment portfolio gained 1.02% in fiscal year 2016.  So where are these hacks getting an 8% return?  I would love to get a 2% return on my investments right now!  I smell more BS coming from Juneau!  This is part of the state indebtedness which our elected representatives are supposed to budget for and fund, instead of spending money on new office buildings, trips overseas, trips to promote LNG, extra per diem for sessions where they do nothing!  More political BS by arrogant elitests with delusions of grandur instead of being based in reality and doing their jobs!  I guess the pot shop is already open in Juneau.
"Skip just needs to stick with his Tebow obsession. Give me a break you idiot"
Most everyone in here knows who I am gary.... ur beating a dead horse. LOLOLOLOL It's all you have.
In football, it's called motivation.
motley:  I agree, the Handy & Sorenson duo cost us the taxpayers $750,000.00 thousand dollars for their lost legal expenses, AND, they accomplished this WITHOUT a Gun.
Boricua from the Bronx! Maybe Christina from the Block can get it done!
The poor Arabs, clearly it's everyone else's fault. Because their own leadership has had no say in the matter.  Drivel
Poor reading comprehension alert!  I didn't vote for Clinton, or the dotard.
&#8220;@BixxhMakeMeRich: If u ask me, every bitch gay&#8221;or "bi"
RT @CauseWereGuys: We all know a hoe like this http://t.co/NvlN1xlInW
Frank East: On this comment page democracy is a subjective term, and that the former president ignored the constitution is not a truism.
we have the most incompetent people in the world working in ottawa.    WE loose billions in trade deficits yearly.  Not to mention lost employment.    Our stores are flooded with imported liberal garbage
Maybe the Vatican guards can hold the Chump still while the pope performs an exorcism on the idiot. They're going to need a lot of slop buckets to catch all that Mcdoodoo.
In Garrison Kiellor's story "Protestant" in his <i>Lake Wobegon Days</I>, a Protestant congregation split in two over a minute point of doctrine. Some time later, someone suggests to the pastor of one congregation that it would be a good thing if the two reunited. The pastor replies, "Any time they want to come to us and admit their mistake, we're perfectly happy to sit and listen to them and then come to a decision about accepting them back."   That seems to be the attitude about ecumenism in general and the Anglicans in particular among some Catholics.
Things could get UGLY?  You Think?  Another NDP government, another disaster!    Spend Spend Spend!
We don't know what psychological training Marty has, since he hasn't given us any information. I notice that he still hasn't. If he actually had some, I suspect that he would have told us. So he probably has none.
Stop Editing So, by making this edit, it will stop working?
I say this with great surety; the first clown on the bus is going down
BTW, I love to harrass, so try banning me for a year to stop me. I WISH ZHANZHAO DIE DIE DIE! I WILL RAPE YOU, YOUR MOTHER AND YOUR GAY FRIEND's ASS!!!   Nuff' said
Yes just a useless bunch of idiots and crybabies 😢👎!
They have "non-registered investment portfolio $278,600" and "want to" pay off about $46,000 of personal load and line of credit?? Well, I'm sure a financial planner may be able to help them out there.   I'm sure there are lots of people out there who would trade their money problems for this couple's problems.
Can anyone say knee jerk?
@eze12373 I'll come rape your wife bitch boy
Perhaps you can explain why  the libs and main stream media choose to "report" on two thugs (ad nauseous) getting just desserts and nothing but "crickets" on where, real, mindless slaughter is taking place.  Save it.  Rational folks see it clearly.  Kinda prima facie as we say. http://heyjackass.com
Please sight any examples of subsidies given to Oil Company "welfare queens".   I've never heard of such, I suspect what you say is bunk.  My understanding is that sizable O & G operations are usually lucrative enough to rapidly expand entire local economies.  Once drilling stops--people lose jobs and move out, real estate values plummet, properties go into foreclosure, and the economy quickly dies.  Ask North Dakota, Wyoming, Eastern Utah, Western Colorado, or West Texas about how that works.  I'm sure those places would like to know about the welfare programs you tout.
Keep him in jail, until trial, and hopefully for a long time after.
Not all amendments are "beyond crystal clear," which is why it has been left up to the government (most often the Supreme Court) to interpret them.  They were amazingly brief so that they could be open to interpretation in accordance with societal norms from time to time.  The Framers were amazingly sage.  But when they made a definitive statement, that is what they meant, like saying that the document applies to ALL people, not just certain groups.  The Fourth does say that a person shall be secure in his "person" from needless or unlawful searches.  To me, this is pretty definitive.  It provides the right to privacy from needless governmental prying.  (Sans warrants, of course.)
Think of all the money wasted by the peel board on useless books by every LGBTqrstwx7H indigineous author.  The school libraries are already stuffed with junk like this and it is pure trash.  Dumbing down our kids is the only way to keep these activists going as they need more unemployed LGBT and indigineous studies grads.    They know what they are doing and will hide behind bogus claims of being anti something while they line their pockets and demand more and more stupidity.  The worst kind of hypocrites
Russian bitches, hands off the truth, get out from Ukraine, get out from American Wikipedia!  188.231.192.218   Ukrainian soldier.
Yeah, look how well that went for Chelsea Manning.
RT @lilDarrell12: And if you looking for my I'll be on these bitches mind
What a bunch of sick liars that you are!!
Weathering As the article states, weathering- with the aid of water as a catalyst assists or promotes alkali feldspar alteration into kaolinite by means of hydrolysis. This differs from the mechanical actions of weathering which include mass wasting by means of expansion/contraction, impact, or exfoliation. The alteration process in this case is a chemical reaction of specific rock components to dissolved ions, more pronounced by the increased acidity of the rain.
Go rockies! Big win although i think they should get rid of a couple of relievers like otto and dunn, send them down to the minors and bring up some fresh talent 😁
Another sleazy little shit whose name keeps coming up, and not in a good way....ever.
It's the middle class that has kept the country afloat for many years.  I hardly think many will refuse to play or revolt.  The biggest share of the country works hard for what they get/have.  There are many who take advantage of the system and get a lot handed to them for doing nothing.  There are also a lot who take advantage of the lower classes to get very rich.  Everyone shouldn't be grouped together to take issue with.
Will you repeal the tax credits for the oil companies?  Will you support a fair and equitable tax on all extractive industries? Would you be willing to get rid of all lobbyists? Will you agree to tax churches? Will you agree to keep your nose out of my reproductive choices? Do you support an income tax? Will you take a long hard look at the home schooling/ religion based charter school funding fiasco? Will you swear under oath to support the citizens of this state as opposed to the industries who would like to buy your vote? And finally, stop the frivolous lawsuits designed to end Obamacare?
So be it! People will trade around the unwilling.
Great news!  Maybe now the other affiliations will listen to the OIA's concerns.
And those assets don't have any value as income to the inheritors?  Heck, why do they want them then?  A $5,000,000 tax deduction is more than generous.
There seems to be more brain dead idiots on the loose daily.
Gah.
Well, I think Hawaii's population was about 200,000-300,000 in the 1800s.  I'm sure traditional food production methods, like you described, was in use.  Do you think those methods could support the 1.5 million of today?
Any retard understands the concept of recoil.  I only need to cite information that is likely to be disputed.  I don't need to cite each and every fucking word.  And no matter how much you're protesting, you've nit-picked everything I've done on Glock since you got your panties in an uproar over something.  Not sure what your problem is with me, but it's really fucking stupid.
My cousin lives in Savoonga he tells me his neighbors are breaking windows and tearing siding off their houses to get more money from the government. He says most of them live off the Goverment already.
the ruling can be challenged
u guys are all a bunch of jerks fuck u i hate you
http://www.courtrecords.alaska.gov/eservices/search.page.3.1?x=c8WsIfcFVlVjNa3trLZ28g
Good for the Polish women!  I'm glad that that they are standing up for their rights.
Ah yes, Thrills for Stupids. In their World it spells 'Bored'.
Vandalism Someone has vandalised this page, citing the battle as an American victory, replacing American casualty numbers without citing reliable sources and altering the text of the article. I have made some changes, but the article still needs work.
The dumpster is suffering from a hopeless case of Trump Unacceptance and Resistance Disorder (TURD).
@kingtaylorxx @chanelisabeth I'm a boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
I hope the family loses and goes bankrupt reimbursing the insurance companies that will defend the companies being sued. The guy was sitting on the railing. Its not the defendants fault he was dumb.
The historical possessions and territories of China are inviolable and will be defended.
Alessandro Venturella Corey pretty much admits the bassist is Alessandro in the article therefore it's a positive identity. Why else would he say he was so upset and should have made him wear gloves? THINK!
FUck you you god damn mother fuckin son of a bitch stop being a stupid ass shithead and be fuckin cool for once
How so?
Weed nigguh.. Retweet that
#firefighter is a job for white trash
No problem. He'll be jetting back to Ottawa to star in his own musical - ''The Phantom of The Office.'' One Night Only.
Really, which Conservative used the same loop hole or are you just trying to deflect for your boss Gerald by making an all encompassing statement with no evidence to back it up?
Did Obama court BLM during his campaign, and did Obama speak negatively at various racial and cultural groups? No. First, BLM didn't exist, and Obama never spoke against anyone. Sorry, RadirD. You'll have to keep making up alternative facts, as the actual facts don't support your cause.
Very nice work that!
"The chances of being injured by a bear are approximately 1 in 2.1 million, according to the US National Park Service"
Awwwww now your getting angry! This is Chumptys mess. Why should anyone, Repubes included, back this morons ridiculous ideas??? Think about it
Haven't talked to my bitch in a while lol. @RynoLewis
Oscars fuckin roasts right now got me hella dying. &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514; this bitch. &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
I never saw what  the time tem on the bonds would be- the longer the term the less the risk- the shorter you increase your chances of getting caught in a downturn without time to recover. A 20 year term on the other hand would almost certainly pay off for the pension fund. Unfortunately most folks don't seem to understand this and are easily stampeded.
But had flat feet, that was his deferrment.  Not only is he a liar, he’s a coward too!  The clown is going down! Lol
Jaded:  Ya, and the Bubba I know has a 14 inch trouser pal...........................
I think there was one Canadian diplomat who sold thousands of Canadian passports to these guys. And my friend told me he bought visa from Canadian embassy, that was more than 20 years ago. You think Canada is so clean? LOL
You gotta block dumb hoes
And those middle voters are about to see tax increases while the very wealthy will enjoy tax breaks. I'd laugh, but I don't find it funny.
“We still have (Donald) Stephenson, who is healthy,” Joseph said. “Allen Barbre has played right tackle in his career. So we have some options there.” TRANSLATION: We can kill Siemian several different ways.
"All Democrats want to increase the size and scope of government."   I've got news for you:  All of us most certainly do not!  Democrats I know want want to get the government out of people's person lives and affairs, and have regulations only when industries can't or won't regulate themselves.  But really, in the end, when conservatives say "Limit the size of government," what they really mean is "No new taxes."  They really aren't concerned about much else.  They are terrified that their hard-earned money will be socialized.
Ive lived here for 15 years and have seen the homeless population triple, some are truly homeless most are young arrogant punks that are homefree, i blame alot of it on legal weed, the lame city council has their heads you know where and keep adding fuel to the fire by letting them camp by the river providing port a potties and giving the best free services in the country, everyone suffers between the buisness owners, residents, tourists, cops and firefighters whose services are wasted on these vagrants, these folks take the bus here to beg and its pathetic, we've been nice in the past but now its time to get our city back, no more mr nice guy!😠
"You are wrong idiot!"
Everything you do is survaled, everything. It's stored and monitored, your an idiot if you think otherwise.
Sounds like you can't decide if the facts I report are old and irrelevant or new and in need of denouncing.  Both can't be true.  If it's the former, I put the same challenge to you that I put to Jill Johnson:  Show me a study that measures lost tax dollars, lost property values, and the monetary costs of health effects.  She so far has failed to put up...
' …charlie still doing his best to convince himself he hasn't been played. .
@_YdotM really thou im looking like Hulk Hogan in this bitch
Judge Moore was removed from the bench because he wouldn't remove the large plaque of the 10 commandments from in front of the courthouse.  This was many years ago and created quite the firestorm.  So it should have come out then when there were so many against him and his beliefs.  A story like that, "proving" him a hypocrite would have been welcomed.  This is the usual tactic of the Washington folk, they think all the rest of America are ignorant, puritanical rubes they can easily manipulate into rejecting conservatives by accusing them of sexual misconduct of some kind.  And too many people buy into it.
U wont see me sober less i got court Mary the best bitch in life
DEAR GILLIAM, YOU PIECE OF SHIZZ  YOU THINK YOU KNOW POKEMON? I MADE POKEMON. ONLY FOR IT TO GET STOLEN BY THOSE FRAUDULENT FRAUDS AT GAME FREAK (hawaii) THIS IS NOT THE END OF THIS  WITH LOVE, FRANK MILLER  MWAH
I shoot at the pussy, I bust in the pussy I'm cuming too sooooooooooon
Our tax money at work. Boy if I was Premier............. Between blood sucking bureaucrats and money stealing drug addicts one knows why capital is fleeing Canada
Seriously lol!! I can't stop laughing, you can't make this stuff up. Where is Triumph the insulting dog when we need him?
There are issues that are much more pressing than these countries on the list. Communist Russian and North Korea for a couple of examples. The immigration order, Communist Russia cyber warfare, congressional hearings, Obama accusation are pretty much moving the discussion away from the spotlight that should be on the ACA or Trumpcare. Many people will be "given access" to but not really going to be covered as now. A tax credit won't get you coverage if you can't pay for health insurance up front. If the insurance companies will take the tax credit in lieu of payment, we may have something. I doubt that will be the case. Listening to child care coverage, it's the same thing. Only a portion of the cost will receive any tax credit. We must remember, the current flock of majority congress persons do not want government subsidies or administration of the health industry. The attempt is to "deconstruct the administrative state" or government. They've started with EO's on administrative rules
didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt fuck your warning and fuck your mum. and gg I didn't sign this so u cant ban me as u don't know who wrote this sloppy ass cunt
@LowworldsFinest @1stblock_thomas man y'all niggas chill man I'm High af tho . Y'all niggas ain't even tell me who the hoe is &#128564;&#9995;
" That isnt going to work, and you dont seem stupid enough to think that it will. nableezy - "
There is far too much waste, Heritage, CBC, Foreign Affairs, a myriad of obscure departments and agencies that really don't provide a service other than self service.  You like "pensions, employment insurance, safe food, health care and infrastructure."? me too but all those unnecessary programs steal funds from the necessary ones  These agencies may have been relevant 50 years ago but not now.  There is nothing more permanent than a temporary government program.
…people who denigrate any American's right to protest are nothing more than cretinous unpatriotic boors.
racist trying to whitewash the terrorists, fine, bring it on, ass-bitch.
Your wrong they have cut a lot. No more cuts time to raise revenue.
"  That's OK, it was worth it. ''''Let's talk about it "
Are you serious...Garland never got his chance.  The American people chose Hillary, the electoral college chose Trump.  Hillary did not need to nominate Garland, he was already nominated.  Indeed elections have consequences, particularly when a severely mentally impaired Trump is elected president.,,we and the rest of the world suffer.  The final straw will drop when Trump signs an EO prohibiting my dog from sleeping on the bed.
It's also about time that you and your parents and relatives who have settled on lands belonging to the native peoples begin to evacuate and leave just as the UN resolution demands of Jews living in the West Bank. Get moving, you racist hypocrite!
RT @_soulfulsiren: &#8220;@VizyIsIgnant: When she waives her pussy fees&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&#8221; bye Lawrence &#128075;
BMC 4K pro machine Jack.......google it idiot
Obuma has made a complete fool of himself and will have NO legacy. Key Stone will be completed and his failed Obuma care  will be repealed and replaced.    Our own dictator loving PM better start taking notes, he appears to be unable to pivot and in doing so puts Canadians in serous economic harms way.   Psssst Justin, Trump isn't a Globalist- now what little potato!
The establishment of this new monument is completely unnecessary. The old growth forests in this region are already protected, and clear-cutting is no longer an accepted forestry practice. This will simply eliminate sustainable timber harvest from a huge area, at the cost of jobs and revenues. Too, anyone who has investigated the backstory of the Malheur standoff knows that the conflict in that area stemmed from the BLM working to force property owners adjacent to the wildlife refuge to sell, often by dishonest and destructive means. This new proposal simply opens to the door for a new round of federal land grabs in the west. No thanks.
, 6 September 2007 (UTC)  The category was deleted: Wikipedia:Categories for discussion/Log/2007 August 28. Please don't use it until the deletion has been overturned. You can make a request for undeletion at WP:DRV.  ·:·   ·:· 16:29
Mr. Crews spoke up in public in the past week but NOT at the time of the assault, just like most of the other complainants we've been hearing from.    And here you are mansplaining that women should "do what a man would do" even though it was nothing different than what women did.    It's actually kind of funny to watch y'all rush to put him up on a pedestal while simultaneously trashing women for doing the same; and by funny, I mean typical.
That was Huffington Post.
Very sad to see a long time local business suffer such a devastating loss.....
Brady. Four months, I'll take the under for ten.
RT @CoryLafon: I just wanna b a side nigga to a thick pretty faced cuffed hoe that does coke bumps garbage underground rappers n shops at p&#8230;
"Take away their licenses to practice medicine and prosecute them." YaY! More queues and longer wait times
Why should Toronto not be reminded they were the North American City that first welcomed this dangerous form of moronic, far right wing populism which the entire World has been struggling with ever since ?  Go ahead and build it.
no only brain washed fools are fearfull of trump , the others are the left wingers who see the socialism side  of thiers coming to a crashing end!!!
Global Warming!
Just like using 'Olympic size swimming pool' as a unit of measurement this 'clock' garbage makes no sense.  How is this supposed to equate to the real world?  Might just as well  read the horoscope in the paper for all the relevancy this adds to anyone's life.
Or because the state is broke and we can't pay for it. But yeah, bad spelling too.
'  Trump is such a reprehensible and traitorous buffoon. .
The Spanish monarchy needs to back off. Canada should recognize the Republic of Catalonia. I think Spain's membership in the EU and UN should be suspended until it respects democratic norms. Sanctions maybe? Travel ban on PM and King? Asset freeze? The standard toolbox if this was a non-EU country...
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
Once the infrastructure stimulus fully kicks in this year we should really be in good shape.  Seems like we've finally turned the corner after the Fort Mac fires hurt us in Q2.
"We've seen criminal photos of blacks and Pacific Islander adults wanted or accused of felony crimes."  But we never see photos of white adults wanted or accused of felony crimes. LOL!!  Now crawl back in your hole racist.
"To the Mexican AMB...STFU and keep your usless fruit pickers in your sheet eating country."
@KR3TZ3R15 Idk is she's actually from there lol, we followed a band. But we met a few bainbridgians. This bitch had like 4 teeth I swear lol
This comment is brilliant.  Thank you.
did not remove then  dickhead did not remove my earlier comment. why did you not remove my other comment then. Are you too scared too.
The OT and the letters of the NT, of course, and the revealed word of God through his Church as well.
LW1:  Pathetic.  Hey, instead of asking Amy what to do, why don't you ask her mom?  Creep.
Didn't read as sarcastic to me.
'Canada could end up caught in the crossfire of a Trump trade war'  Don't worry. Junior in Ottawa will take a selfie and all will be sunny ways.
Two Words: Budget Plan.   Businesses and credit rating agencies are crying for stability and a budget plan, and Walker is the only one who has presented one.
Ah yes, zero industry experience but a postgraduate degree in psychology, specializing in air traffic controller retirement ages. It is exactly the sort the G&M would give a platform for to muse about his outdated data and theories.  Thanks for proving my point. As you say, a nobody.
@erinscafe We hate the Yankees though, right? I feel like I'm really good at hating them.
This woman is sick and needs to get some serious help.  I doubt that jail will provide any of that help and may worsen the problem.
Maybe the Globe would like to do an editorial from another viewpoint ,that liberal democracy appears to look like liberal fascism to many people , and that is why it is being democratically voted out .
@NikkiGentry843 just wait....karma is a #bitch
Hey  YOU,faggot callig yoursel jesus christ.Stop dreaming damned lazy  gay.Hate you
Maureen is easily influenced by movies.
Animals are food.  Delicious food.  Going to eat some pig tonight.
' I still don't got the time for a bitch to be actin iffy &#1043323; .
Yeah right....  Toronto City Council has prepared a new General Bylaw removing “Place of Worship” from general zoning categories. If passed new churches will have no place to operate, and existing churches will be restricted. City officials say that “Toronto is a finite piece of land and there is no room for new churches”.
As reported in the Washington Post ...  Justice Department officials  ... told the FBI the department’s position “that we don’t comment on an ongoing investigation. And we don’t take steps that will be viewed as influencing an election.”   “Director Comey understood our position. He heard it from Justice leadership,” the official said. “It was conveyed to the FBI, and Comey made an independent decision to alert the Hill. He is operating independently of the Justice Department. And he knows it.”  So the BIG NEWS is that the Republican Comey is violating long-standing DOJ policies and practice in a manner that may prejudice the election. And he KNOWS IT.  Lock HIM up!  -- Paul
Why, I can hardly believe that Trumps best buddy Putin would, GASP! LIE about who killed all those people, including babies and little children.
Liberals are just useful idiots and aren't even fun to play with.   The serious apparatchiks are a bit of a challenge and there is some sport in that.
she has a nazi history running in her family and denial of it hence it's no surprise what she says is completely detached from reality
On April 28, 1928 the Supreme Court of Canada unanimously decided that women were not "persons" and therefore could not be appointed to the Senate. The British Privy Council overturned this decision on Oct 18, 1929.  Source: Library & Archives Canada RG 125, Vol 563, File 5426   The Supreme Court decision was in response to a petition by five women from Alberta now known as the Famous Five.  These five were perhaps the Mothers of Confederation.
Mainland has a whopping number of female police chiefs. They're used to it.  Maybe this is just something to take up at the next journalism convention: "Be careful with gender references when writing new chief of police headlines."
RT @TheSuperNegro_: Can't believe you bitches find this remotely appealing. http://t.co/TKwwapczGr
C'mon, man, don't just be silly. Say something. I know you can do it :>)
These bitches washed up, ain't no soap involved.
Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton are proof that the fears of elections being bought are overblown and unfounded.  Those two each spent a bloody fortune and neither one got elected.
Hmm‚ wonder what he thinks about the 49-year-old Kentucky county clerk, Kim Davis, who was jailed for not breaking faith with her beliefs? Federal judges should hold this Admiral with the same contempt.
It would only be worse off for you and yours, not for many of the rest of us.
"   Title   Why isn't the o in ""over"" capitalised per the single cover?  Should this be moved to ""A Bridge Over You""?    "
(CNN)The seven Muslim-majority countries targeted in President Trump's executive order on immigration were initially identified as "countries of concern" under the Obama administration.  White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Sunday pointed to the Obama administration's actions as the basis for their selection of the seven countries. Trump's order bars citizens from Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen from entering the U.S. for the next 90 days.  "There were further travel restrictions already in place from those seven countries," Spicer said on ABC's "This Week."  Sorry pally but your facts are wrong, but then again you yourself seem bigoted and biased towards your fellow Americans that have different ideas from you!
Trump is an absolute idiot.  People who don't believe in climate science, genuinely cannot understand truly complicated concepts.  Thee you go.
I'm a MB diesel owner, so have followed this issue closely (big fan of the technology, assuming MB didn't cheat as well...)      It's too bad that this scandal will likely kill the market for consumer diesels.   My car's great - amazing mileage, tons of torque, and quiet and smooth.   Fuel (in Ontario) is cheaper than regular gas by 10 cents/litre (in summer).  Anyway, I noticed an odd phenomena in the used TDI market pre-settlement.    Used TDI's were going for above what they should be selling.   Why?   Because owners were anticipating a settlement and speculators wanted in as registered TDI owners before the deadline.    This happened in the States too (earlier).
Nice job, Ross!
But there kinda is, limit the number of abortions a woman can have, give her contraceptives to prevent unwanted pregnancies.  Make contraceptives free and easily accessible to men and women.  I do not have a problem with women having abortions, I have a problem with them using them as birth control and having multiple ones.
She_pandered_to_her_base.
"  It seems that your comments on have been ""misunderstood"" by editors from English speaking countries as well, especially when you in reply to jethro spoke about ""your Jewish genome"".     When your Jewish genome has 30-60% European admixture...,  I missed previously  in your comment when  you  described genetics and genetic science results as based on (through remarkable extreme example of WP:OR and WP:NPOV violation) ""quasi racial stereotypes of the Jew"" To quote you ""by geneticists, who ignore that their results, based on a quasi-racial stereotyping of the  Jew are not compatible with halakhic law which defines 'Jews' by different descent criteria. That is why I am completely indifferent to whatever geneticists say about history, unless they are practiced historians""  So you can not edit population genetic articles by believe that  this science is based on ""quasi racial stereotypes of the Jew"" with WP:OR inventions of ""Jewish genes"" and ""Jewish types"" and by entitling yourself to be ""indifferent to whatever geneticists say about history"" because your personal attitude, believes and feelings. Your comments regarding  ""Jewish genes""    ""Jewish types"" and  ""Jewish geneome"" show lack of basic understanding of population genetics. The common Middle Eastern origin of Jews is not based on any ""Jewish genes, Jewish types or Jewish genome"" but on shared Middle Eastern haplogroups, haplotipes and mutation which Jews share with the rest of population from the area of their origin. I do not wish to continue this discussion further.    "
Bull!! The state isn't paying the $$...we are. There was no mention that these idiots in charge allowed this out of state company to lowbid AND SELF INSURE!! Criminal.  The head of the construction company just hightailed it out of town after selling his million $ plus Hawaii Kai waterfront home. This same bunch of clowns have allowed dishonest pay to play low bidders to screw up our airport.  Disgraceful....heads should roll.
Our leaders sound like idiots!  Be it Opiods or terrorism, they constantly deflect from the truth.  Our legal system is failing and we have a massive flaw in the constitution!
@Roc_SS @BallHawk_Carter nah son we ca go half if it was my girl bitches be wanting to spend 400 and up on some fake hair
Driving on the right side of the road isn't putting my families healthcare coverage in jeopardy. Do you ever get tired of asking stupid questions?
So McKinsey cherry picked a legal opinion to bolster its case for the contract to be signed, knowing full well it was on very shaky ground and this was used by Eskom to help justify the signature of the contract. Sounds like collusion with Eskom board members/officials to fleece the SOE. Mr  V Sagar and co should be charged alongside the Eskom officials concerned.
@onedirectum fugly white bitch
Really?  The way it is: many of us know sarcasm when we hear or read it.  We don't need a "nudge, nudge" like the dim bulbs.
Yes, we need a new Democratic Party but not one led by the same old cast of characters such as Robert Reich, Elizabeth Warren, Chuck Shumer, et al. who lost all credibility with all but the most naïve voters when they endorsed Hillary Clinton whose corrupting influence over the DNC led to the rigging of the democratic primary election.
"   fdsgdfgfd     why don't you die?   talk "
Interestingly, most of the "poorly educated white folks" aren't actually poor or working class but upper middle-class or rich--look at Donald Trump--a bachelor's degree in real estate.  Actually, I'll bet these philistines are most disliked by other white people. Poverty is an education in itself. It's the privileged that live in their homogenous neighborhoods and enclaves that are the most racist. Many whites choose self-segregate and so lack experience with groups outside of their own. That's why they're so handicapped, mentally that is.
The penguins have n't been indoctrinated ... yet .
Nop, just a few of you are stupid.
And, unfortunately, there is no cure for stupidity.
Redhats think Trump is their God Emperor, they will follow him over a cliff, they're that enamored with his idiocy.
YOu need a life Teddy...Doc left Toronto never to return again...
I been with the same STUD for a year....That bitch, her attitude nasty.
hey lefty, its a disgrace that socialism health care picks and choses who gets help and who dies as they do in ontario.. so take your hate of capitalism and move to NK then idiot
We have criminals just like this in NM. My favorite way to die for these creatures is the chair. 2nd best is hanging. No matter the cost to the legal system it's always best to destroy these animals.
While it's true that banks have an obvious interest in letting the bubble build so that they can profit ever more in issuing new loans, it's our government's job to step in when things go out of control.  How can anyone not see that there has clearly been a disconnect between wages and house price appreciation for many years?  Even if house prices where only increasing by 4% per year (2% more than inflation and 2.5% more than wages), after only a few years, this small difference in appreciation would result in a bubble.  It may be too late.  A generation of people have struggled to find decent housing.  If the market wont build decent rentals, then the government has to step in and do it.  It can't be that there's only a business case to make expensive things.... Some people are happy with a laminate counters and parquet flooring, so long as it's clean.
I have to say that Ms. Campbell's heart is in the right place, but she obviously hasn't been reading the G&M of late.  They are anything but neutral in so much of their reporting.  Rather alleged reporting:   they push their own agenda on so many issues, ignoring the other side of the argument, or just pretending that it doesn't exist.  Witness their recent campaigns on  sexual assault clearance procedures, aboriginal issues and the ability of the police to conduct street checks or carding as it is known in Ontario.    So, if the mainstream media is to have the credibility suggested/wished for by Ms. Campbell, they need to get their objectivity glasses checked.  More facts, less biased misrepresentation.
To quote a character from "Apocalypse Now", "I love the smell of napalm in the morning."
Rehearsing for Most Stupid Criminal Act? Of all places to break-in. Morons.
Many alcoholics can fall into `` zapoy '' and drink up to 5-7 liters of `` palenka '' during the daylight time , only drinking water and some old bread as their `` zakus` '' , but it escapes me , how they show their extreme europeoid genotype by doing all of this .
Kick them to the curb and relieve them of thier pensions.
Trump is a vacuous buffoon. And a traitor.
And warmer is better.
Ugh, the worst, burn them at the stake.
A vote for Hillary is a vote for Trump. A vote for Trump is a vote for Hillary. A vote for the establishment parties is a vote for the establishment parties. Only a vote for Gary Johnson is a vote for Gary Johnson and a vote against both Trump AND Hillary! Google: "Gary Johnson"
RT @ccancel14: Miserable bitches talk the most shit &#128514;&#9996;&#65039;
The man is not thinking 'bigly' enough. Just think of a 30 foot high 2000 mile long concrete monopod with a two lane highway on top. In the south lane, Texicans could plink any of those pesky  mexicanz trying to get over (or under) it while throwing their beer cans overboard too. Ammo/gun sales soar, the infrastructure (jobs) cost would be astronomical and Amerika would be great again! Travelling the north lane would insure that killing field would be well covered. I'm moving to DC tonight to make my fortune!
Jameis tweet RT @MrCOOK_ Fuck her right in the pussy
The Montreal Gazette reviewed this in today's paper.  They are given an expedited hearing, but then can stick around for years before border services actually gets around to expelling them, if they are expelled at all.
1wayhustle come get signed bitch we self paid.
You are incorrect sir. I see us going back to 1979 when we had an income tax, a school tax, and no dividend. When we were suddenly rich we had to eliminate the income taxes before we authorized a dividend. It was required constitutionally. So our only option is to go Back In Time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lc7BAiSh6W0
Hey, bring it on, 1LittleBear:   1) You clearly don't know what you're talking about! 2) Pope Francis, when he was Jorge Bergoglio, Archbishop of Buenos Aires, had a Spanish language series on EWTN, therefore, he knows EWTN very well (see, if you watched EWTN you'd have known that). 3) He sent an apostolic letter to the President of EWTN when Mother Angelica died saying that she was the most influential evangelist of our era. 4) It's board of trustees is made op of America's most wealthy and influential Catholics. 5) Its President, Mr. Michael Warsaw, was just appointed by Pope Francis to his inner communications circle. 6) Look all this up; it's all true; unlike what you said. 7) You clearly live with your head in the sand.
How about thanking the driver for buying a $200K RV and all of the employment related to that purchase?
Keillor is a master. Tracy Morgan is probably his closest rival in American storytelling. Loved this, thank you, Good Sir!
I know the vast majority of men in no way represent the annoying sexists male who was on that airplane. These men like my husband are my hero's who are men who know who they are and are strong in their convictions and do  not use their power of being a male against anyone. Those men are self confident and secure and they like woman but also respect them just like I respect them.
But his father is rich and famous.  Different rules apply.
RT @Tyson_Fury: Ow &amp; while I'm at it where has @DavidPrice_1 gone the big lanky twat.
Week 1 of this NFL season there were 5 players (out of 1472 active players) that took a knee or sat during the anthem in protest to what they perceive as the United States not living up to the ideals that the Flag represents. . Just looking at the above photo, there is 1 person turned away looking down at their phone, 1 person with their phone in front of their face probably taking a video or a photo, 1 person with what appears to be a beer that they just took a drink from, 1 person with binoculars looking a different direction than the rest of the crowd, 1 person looking up in the air away from the flag and 2 people sitting.  So that's 6 people out of maybe 200 in the picture. Based on that random small sample, out of the 1,044,000 people that attended an NFL game on week 1, that would be 31,000 people that were doing "something else" during the national anthem, and I'm not even counting the people getting food or watching TVs inside. . Remind me again, which is more disrespectful?
Here's an apt comment for you: Duh.
Logically, you would have thought that this decision was a result of the 'president' wanting the State of Capture report to be returned to the PP for investigation.    Now I'm left with the impression that the puppet master has all his strings tangled, but is still standing over everything giggling heh heh, heh heh, like some kind of maniac.
Ya last nicca couldn't beat it ... I hit it like a free throw!
This is the new Alt-Left, can't debate so they silence
"I want to know why you don't have a job - is it because you were busted at work with your kiddieporn?"
OR HABS FANS !!!!!
Can one apply for a social license online?
The only comfort is these little punk ass twerps, will spend the rest of there days being someone's bitch!
Wow, that's incredibly naive.  Damn those "cheap employers" that saw their health insurance costs SOARING for not just eating all those higher costs, right?  How DARE they make adjustments to slow down their massive labor cost increases!!!
I hate self-rightous Black bitches.
False flag, fake news.  There was no chemical bombing. The bomb hit a rebel chemical factory.  Wake up Canada!
Lol wat
C'mon. Sometimes it's just two people who love each other showing that love the best way they know how, not intending to make a theological, philosophical, or geopolitical statement.   I wouldn't know what background music to use if I considered intimacy as you do.   I do admit liking that prayer Jimmy Dugan used in "League of Their Own." "Lord, thank you for that waitress in South Bend. You know who she is---she kept calling out your name."   And while I call for lightening up on this topic, I ask you to consider the irony of your name.
In my opinion, people like you are the scum of the earth. Censoring Wikipedia and deleting highly notable information... Why don't you do everyone a favor and just jump off a very high bridge?
"At the core of the government’s long-touted series of measures, unveiled on Thursday morning, is a 15-per-cent tax on foreign buyers..."  Hello?  So Queen's Park is copying the BC/Vancouver manipulative ploy of trying so desperately to appear to be doing something, before an election.  Look, the experiment has been done, it is called Vancouver, and:  - ten months before the Vancouver foreigner tax, houses cost dozens of times the average annual local income - ten months later, when the foreigner tax was implemented, houses cost dozens of times the average annual local income - and about ten months later, about ten months after the foreigner tax was implemented, houses still cost dozens of times the average annual local income.  The Ontario government is doing a pretend game. They are pretending they have armed themselves with a weapon that will push house prices back down towards affordability for local workers. And Vancouver is proof that it is a farce to pretend that.
"LOTS OF FOULS . . . LOTS OF FREE THROWS MADE. . . . COMIN' UP!"
they're getting goofier.
Y'all caught me just as I was logging off again. I appreciate the notes, and I appreciate Kennedy's last paragraph. Very well written, though I think the confusion between love and marriage, and the constant confusion in the US about marriage as a sacrament (it's a civil ceremony, in my book), doesn't help things legally, though they help things politically. Now, I'm going to kiss a dude at Walmart (since there's no rebel flags there anymore) and get back to dinner. I love some of you very much, and if anyone wants to marry someone of the same gender in the US, power to you: I do gay weddings for half my usual rate. Hit me up on Tinder.
Yo this niggah catch every tweet lls oh my goodness
Maybe with all the new rules.... They're unworkable. For example he says citations don't work with the homeless.   The legislature must work with HCDA to provide greater deterrence.   These nite park closures may not work and will make it more difficult to fix future damages to the park.
RT @ThePrincePerez: Messi's like "I'm back bitches &#128527;&#128076;" lmao &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
You don't get it. He was saying that Chardonnay is what progressives drink, after they dismiss the issue out of hand.
RT @RedBone9922: These hoes ain't loyal &#128588;
@MadeMyselfHER eeeeeeeee you got the hoes
#realtalk if you a hoe an try to get serious with someone don't expect to be anything more then a piece of meat to them
Always a dig at Harper.  If Chretien sent him over there holding a majority government, and Martin kept him there, why on earth would Harper bring him back before the SCC ruling?  Political suicide. Your speculation on damages is only speculation and there's nothing surely about it.  I will add my speculation that the loss of American tourist dollars resulting from this will far outweigh the extra 10 million that has been suggested might have been lost had this gone to court.  It will be in the hundreds of millions.
this is an outright lie. the are not being housed. show me an example where that has happened. this just makes it easier for hypocrites to report homelessness
It's not "included." Criminy, read the bill and current law. It's an idiotic "what if," in theory one can "conceal" a long gun everywhere else in the state now. Can you, or the author, point to an otherwise law-abiding lawful possessor doing so -and- causing harm in the past decade? Even before it was theoretically legal?  No? If not, on what rational basis do you predict it will be a prob moving forward?  Use reason, not emotion and ignorance.
personal attacks  Where exactly, be specific, where I personally attacked you. You wrongfully deleted my account and you know it. Thanks for making up this personal attack
Tkorrovi vs Paul Beardsell User Chinasaur moved comments from Wikipedia talk:Requests for arbitration/Tkorrovi vs. Paul Beardsell, remaining his there and moving mine , just after I put a link on an evidence page to that page  because it contains important information. Also, he moved a question about his nationality to my talk page . I understand the reason, but I demand for me an equal right, to remove mentioning my nationality against my will by Matthew Stannard from that page (unfortunately cannot provide diff, as the commentary was moved that after). 02:51, 12 Apr 2005 (UTC)
Just out of curiosity, what is the legal basis for predicting crime in individuals?
that is still too high.  she needs her ass kicked
In Wynne's "equal" Ontario,  doctors and firemen and teachers and muni workers are just different flavours of public servants . . all get paid between $100k-$150k p.a.  The fact that doctors need to be smart and highly trained compared to a fireman is beside the point  . . everyone is equal, right?
Thanks   User talk:Biggity... are there any constructive edits? Indef block, perhaps? Mahalo.
Just another rich idiot. I'm sick of these people.
It's right on schedule?  At this rate it'll take an eternity......assuming we don't go bankrupt first.
I bet she so dumb that she was advertising fireworks on Craigslist or somewhere online and that peeped cops interest and then they got gun charges. The other charges will probably be dismissed because the gun charge is the most serious charge here
Altman could very well be the role model for these players. I wouldn't doubt he advocates assault of young women on UO campus or does it himself. The guy's disgusting.
"Quit trolling. Yesterday, you heat fans came in here talking all kinds of smack. Truth be told the heat would lose to both the thunder and spurs."
your a virgin aint ya   if the best thing you can find to do in life is delete other ppl's wikipedia pages your a right sad tw*t. get your f*cking life sorted out and actually get out of the house!  r*t*rd
Trudeau's not going to end any arms sales.  They're worth billions of dollars.  Money talks and human rights walk.
All over the lower 48 rail lines that are unusable for rail traffic are turned into recreational uses.  Here in Alaska we have to spend tax dollars keeping people off the property under some nonsense that they are destroying the road.   We are to relive that a hiker or hunter walking down that rail bed will destroy any future use as a rail line.
I hate to say it, but years from now, these people might be glad.  I'm not in favor of censorship.  But, I think many people in the nation are still grappling with the idea that someone who has admitted to saying some particularly noxious things and just plain said them, is the president of the United States.  They are wondering how this is possible and who actually supports this behavior.  It reminds me of the social media campaigns to vote for the worst singers on American Idol to keep them in the competition because they were so terrible it was 'fun' to watch them fail.  That's honestly how I feel about this election.  People voted for Trump to watch him fail; and, so far, he's not letting them down.  But, what a price to pay.  This isn't a season of a reality tv series, this is the fate of the world, the reputation of our nation, our future and very lives depend on it.  Some people just cannot pass up a good train wreck.  Oh, wait, according to Don Jr. We are not even people.
Also, take your damn earbuds out, people... you're not in a mall!
Wikipedia's downfall is that it is free. SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS SO FUCK YOU FOR SUPRESSING THAT YOU FACISTS
Hey, do you think we are going to get into a fight between European countries about who all are going to get those Guantanamo prisoners ?
RT @IJustBeChillinn: dont bitch then get mad when i stop trying lol
The 1st amendment does not give one the right to assault people that don't share Antifas skewed world view. They are nothing more than basement dwelling criminals and crybabies. They should be put down with extreme prejudice, and if they pull their hate filled crap here they will be.
But has she sold any uranium to the Russians? You don't think that what she is doing is not being checked through a bank of legal folks? Just what is she doing that the Clintons weren't doing while actually working for their foundation while in political decision making positions and nothing heard from the political pity party.
I just read prolly 11 tweets from 11 different girls about how their looong relationship ended today.. Daaaamn.. "Yo hoe will get SLAYED"
More police will not solve the problem.  We are witnessing a universal breakdown in civil order and civility.
Hey!  It has been effective since 1966 in my personal observational experience of the U of O.  Think it might have been a 'tradition' to ignore 'frat hi-jinks'  long before that.
Yo bitch on my dick she come to my crib she get passed around no love
Immigration has clearly been good for this country. As our debt levels increase and our services become strained its critical that the immigrants we take in from now are able to add economically to the country.
You know, I was opposed to holding this "festival" at this location, but upon further reflection, I realize that the only ones who would be affected long term are a few people who play golf, so I, too, say "Bring it on!"  It's nowhere near my house.
If you think police "protect" you... you are a fool!!!
Fuck the rockets and everything they get with d Howard bitch ass. Signed bitter laker fan. Lol
You should listen to people rather than parrot grieveance narratives.
I think the creators of this software confuse civility for politeness.
How is your comment related to Melanie Lidman's report from Bethlehem? To which married couple (or couples?) are you referring? Where in the report do you find anything about 'couples closing off their marriage to the creation that God wants'?
Presentence reports cannot be prepared unless there is a conviction.
Very negative comments. This museum will be a great history of how the police in Denver started and continue to serve. Yes there have been good and bad times, they will be addressed. Many hard working people have been at work with research, collecting artifacts and cataloging items that have been used by the Denver Police since 1859. This is a chance to learn for kids and adults. Those who would just be negative might want to open their minds to a little bit of history. It's how you grow, not just sitting around rebelling, pouting and blaming others. People of Denver, give it a chance. Learning some history just may grow on you.
The FEDs have to much land in USA......💲
Has the CRTC figured out that the fact they allow Canadian networks to substitute Canadian ads on US programs actually encourages networks like CTV to show as much American programming as possible rather than focusing on perfecting Canadian programs.
RT @KiCKS0L0GY: Some bitches be forgetting
`` I wanna look just like that skinny white lady , just black and beautiful . '' * shakes his head *
Great - a school boy as MP and two of the western provinces under closeted communist rule. Not a northern Mexico but a northern Venezuela.
MEEEEEEEEOOOWWW!!!! SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!   Uh, there are two ways, why you do erased my comment about WW2, that holocaust was brutally slaying of Jews and not gays/Gypsys/Slavs/anyone...  1 - If you are anti-semitian, than shave your head bald and go to the skinhead meetings!  2 - If you doubt words of the Bible, that homosexuality is a deadly sin, make a pentagram tatoo on your forehead go to the satanistic masses with your gay pals!  3 - First and last warning, you fucking gay - I won't appreciate if any more nazi shwain would write in my page! I don't wish to talk to you anymore!  Beware of the Dark Side!
Many people believe that facts, at least some facts, are subjective. I often hear "that may be your truth, but it's not my truth".  This is not a new phenomenon; I can remember hearing it more than forty years ago.
I tell u this tho, if/when u nigger women start getting cornrows again...mannn just don't do it
Try googling ""how environment affects behavior" to start.  Here's one article: http://science.howstuffworks.com/does-owning-a-gun-change-your-behavior-.htm Then check some of the sources at the end of the article.  There is a lot of information easily found.
So yes, using Keonis definition of apologizing, Trump seems to have apologized A LOT on many different occasions, to many different people for many different things...#MAGA
Yep RT @KingHorseDick: Nope and never will. RT @iRejectSlimHoes: Fellas u ever had some pussy so good YOU send a "so what are we?" Text?
"your a fucking toolbag. Why do you think there is a menu? So you can order what they fucking make, not so you can modify shit like some sort of royal prince creating your own masterpiece. Your not paying for the meal really, your paying for Darden INC. to pay me, to talk to your fuckin ugly ass. Your "meal" your eating is worth about 1/8 of what your paying for it. The rest is for the cooks and I having to deal with you. I just dont get why people think they have some sort of entitlement. Your a baboon, your eating at a fast food joint you chunky jerk! And I pissed on your salad! How you like them breadsticks"
"We worried that Trump administration political appointees would block the Fish and Wildlife Service from protecting any species" Just had to have at least one negative Trump statement in the article didn't you?As if Trump is against all wildlife. Just silly.
RT @LilTy___: Who do bitches take me for? &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
Forgive me if I'm a little loopy but I just came off of two weeks of night shift in Kuparuk.   Yeah, I might get laid off, so what?   Improvise.  Adapt. Overcome.   Alaska is a one trick pony.  Mining and fishing together are nothing compared to oil.   Saw the writing on the wall and sold the Chugiak house last summer  and moved to Idaho.  Been here since '74 and figured it was time to cash out.
we must avoid generous to a fault scenarios
Know what a "bleeding heart" is?  I feel all the bleeding hearts in this town need to take these people in at night & let them sleep on your living room floor. Let's gauge our bad people feel for them. Talk is cheap-offer up your home.
Ms. Wente's column of June 24, entitled "Greenpeace is a menace to the world", unfortunately feeds into the false and conspiratorial notion that anthropogenic climate change is a hoax and/or the scientific verdict is not clear. FALSE on both counts. Such an article undermines the immense public good which the environmental movement (i.e., the folks who want to heal the planet and then maintain its health) acts on behalf of healthy ecosystems and a transformation to a post-fossil fuel economy. Taking shots at Greenpeace instead of the harmful social and environmental practices of multinationals is a flawed diversionary tactic.  Enablers such as Wente are the real "menaces now in the world"!...as are her editors who allow such writers a platform to ignore science and provide a venue for the dissemination of right-wing propaganda and prop up a generally-unresponsive, failing economy.  Eventually, the "barbarian hordes cross the moat and scale the castle walls".  Guillotines, anyone?
THE ONLY PROBLEM WITH THE HOLOCAUST IS THAT SOME JEWS SURVIVED Other than that it was awesome!!!!
If you care so much for pregnant women why criminalize abortion? No one is stopping the anti-abortion movement from advocating for ratcheting up support for mothers. Best of luck selling that initiative to Paul Ryan.  "You do you" is glib and dismissive. (If typical.)  <<But can you see that if someone does hold that position, they cannot merely sit by and doing nothing?>>  You seriously need to ask?
"Change the freaking system"  That reminds me of the cry of the 1960s.  What was Carlin's jibe.."burn it down and we'll groove on the rubble".  Such insight.
Yep but it's no problem for your idiot in chief and his so called cabinet to conduct personal business at the taxpayers expense? F-----g crooks will go to hell and might even be denied entry there. Bad karma is a beach and believe me it is on it's way.
OMG!!!  I FINALLY AGREE WITH YOU FOR ONCE!!!!  You should kick out all of the politicians from your party that like Russia!  You should start with the effing moron sitting in the White House.  Mahalo and Imua!
Hopefully some liberals were killed!!!
Good riddance to the liberal mouth-piece.
When I was interviewed for this article I specifically said that I wholeheartedly support the current NO Spray Policy on Lane County's roads. That statement was not reported, but it is important to me that my position is known.  I stressed the problem that needs to be solved is for the Commissioners to provide the necessary resources for the Public Works Department to manage roads without harmful herbicides. The current Roadside Management program, which is a model for other counties, should not be starved for funding, which then leads to the situation  where the program is understaffed, and mechanical equipment cannot be maintained.  Lane County's road staff is doing a fantastic job maintaining our county roads without chemicals and their program can be efficient with a proper budget.  The proposed program is highly protective and restrictive regarding any herbicide use, will rely on verifiable data and it would also allow the public to exercise vigilance.
Typically, unregulated monopolies are much worse than a government-owned utility though. Adam Smith was clear on that from the start.
Injustice served. Oregon has an insatiable need to constantly outdo itself when it comes to acts of stupidity.
He should increase the tax. And he should impose an extra tax on capital gains. And gains accrued from the realization of share options in all but start-up businesses should be taxed as income, since the gain is understood as a form of compensation.
The most lay offs in Canada happened under Harper whilst the most numbers of temporary foreign workers that are unqualified also increased.
Rick, why are you eating all the animal's food? Those poor animals are starving because of you selfish vegans.
@BillPeriman @offgridsurvival what the holy fucking hell is going on at the EPA, those over-zealous cunts, I can't wait for 2016
Was there ever a specific explanation given on why the Attwood Building was not good enough for them?
RT @s_devante: That moment were u friend zone a bitch at 3am for calling u# do u now way time it is please gtf out my face#rich homie quan &#8230;
That does it! Now we need to dissolve the legislature because the courts have ruled that the GOVERNOR has all authority. All we need is the Executive Branch and the Judicial Branch--they can make the laws.
As bad as Trump may be, according to the article the Mosco Trump Tower proposal was abandoned at the end of January 2016. Six months later, in July 2016, Trump denied business connections with Russia and said on Twitter: “for the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.” He didn't say "I've never had business connections or interests with Russia" only that when asked, in July 2016, he had none.  Trump aside, I've heard of politicians answering the question they wished they'd been asked rather then the question they were asked but I've never heard of a politician rephrasing a question to answer the question they didn't want to be asked.... even Trump.
"@z0mbiedance: I made that bitch lunch. @elizabethbatman" Bitches love lunch.
A tax on gross sales is wrong on many levels. Places that sell big ticket products and don't have a big profit margin will be out of business as people will buy these products out of state. The people who back this are not " business" people that are people that don't understand that just because a company might have big sales numbers don't necessarily have any profits
I need to chat with @SpaceJam_Teeg . Where dat nicca at? Lol
DYK nomination for St. John's Catholic Church (Delphos, Ohio) Hi.  I have assessed your DYK nomination of St. John's Catholic Church (Delphos, Ohio) and believe there is a problem with the hook.  Please see the discussion at the DYK nomination for details.  If you believe you have addressed this problem feel free to let me know on my talk page and I will revisit the nomination. -
you must know someone at the RG.  Im always shocked after reading your rants.......until I see who wrote it and I chuckle.   I like reading what the FAR left truly thinks and how they fail to see the how similar the two candidates are/were.  Still I cant think but wonder how you see evil in trump and only goodness in her? its closed mindedness I think an inability to see the other side(ironic) still, I have to say the hypocrisy is astounding(like next level stuff) im so curious if you saw any faults in Hillary...at all?  I guess what it comes down to is how scary a person like you is.......reminds me of how I felt about both candidates.  soulless sellouts
'' Is this his final position?'' No. His final position will be snowboard instructor.
Canadians wanted crazed, ideological fools, they got crazed ideological fools.  The parasites love his words.
Then the whole southern strategy brought them to the GOP and they took over the GOP now.
Because EWEB should be managed like a business, not like a charity.
Spendin money that we saved, stackin ones like bricks hittin bitches like Craig, watchin ass CLAP! #MorningStuSesh #10AMinFairview
"You're lame. "
The Mayor didn't help by suggesting their comments were "vicious". I didn't read anything vicious. As this will be a plan implemented throughout the city, he needs to reassure neighborhood residents that they're not creating a satellite DTES. Right now, his comments are divisive. Hardly that of a leader.
The mainstream media is the reason Trump won. They were too blinded by the big bright light (Trumps outrageous behavior) to focus on substance. And for all of the right wingers crying and whining in every single article's thread about the evil liberal media, they are unaware of this fact and it's funny to me. Apparently too busy parroting their talking points from garbage right wing sources to use any critical thought. Blah, blah evil liberal media blah blah. Meanwhile, Trump lied to all of them about putting Hillary in jail and building a wall. But are they outraged? Nope. They'll shut their little mouths about it like good minions and say what the right wing media wants them to say. But by all means, keep thinking the only ones getting fooled here are liberals and their media outlets.
"BS. Lowe you are an arrogant prick. Beyond criticism? You deserve nothing but criticism you idiot."
you are talking "logic" and rational thought.......faith often precludes such considerations.   Gary Crum
Given your propensity to loiter around public restrooms you obviously are more knowledgeable about the plumbing employed therein.
Its common sense dumbass, it was a fight in the WEC 67.163.17.113
Not a law of physics, Dimples. Just engineering choices. Lithium Iron Phosphate has 25% less capacity than the chemistry in present EVs, but it lasts for many cycles and operates just fine down to -40 deg.
And I suppose you're informed by CNN. Total failure, get over it.
Yes, douche, but an article DOES have to be neutral.  Happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the Nancy Reagan article skewed towards her favor.  If you check that article's talk page, you will see several admissions by him that he IS clearly in her favor, and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias.  That you (and other adtiors/administrators) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-NPOV edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that Wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine.  Fuck you, Wikipedai, you just lost a user ever. Yes, douche, but an article DOES have to be neutral.  Happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the Nancy Reagan article skewed towards her favor.  If you check that article's talk page, you will see several admissions by him that he IS clearly in her favor, and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias.  That you (and other adtiors/administrators) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-NPOV edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that Wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine.  Fuck you, Wikipedai, you just lost a user ever. Yes, douche, but an article DOES have to be neutral.  Happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the Nancy Reagan article skewed towards her favor.  If you check that article's talk page, you will see several admissions by him that he IS clearly in her favor, and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias.  That you (and other adtiors/administrators) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-NPOV edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that Wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine.  Fuck you, Wikipedai, you just lost a user ever. Yes, douche, but an article DOES have to be neutral.  Happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the Nancy Reagan article skewed towards her favor.  If you check that article's talk page, you will see several admissions by him that he IS clearly in her favor, and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias.  That you (and other adtiors/administrators) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-NPOV edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that Wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine.  Fuck you, Wikipedai, you just lost a user ever.
Maybe he's breathed too many of his own fumes.
I hink I am gonna stop reading the news.Allthey want to do is post stuff to scare us.  We are all gonnad die anyway. Why waste your time worrying about it?
blow   it out of your ass, spic.
What kind of brainless idiot do you have to be to leave ANYTHING alive in a hot car??????
What a great idea...sell off state land to private entities so they can lock it up and prevent the rest of us from using it. This state land that you want to sell isn't like the fish in the basket from those bible stories. It isn't self-replentishing. In other words, once its sold off its gone forever. So...what then? We'll be right back to the exact same budget deficit problem.   Your idea is nothing more than kicking the can down the road...which actually puts you in step with our current republican legislators.
Might want to educate yourself a bit further :  http://www.vueweekly.com/alberta-doesnt-send-oil-money-to-have-nots-and-ontario-contributes-more-than-alberta/  Why don't you just claim hundreds of gazillions since you're clearly dealing in alternative facts ?
The media tends to indulge in cultivating a cult of personality around political figures to---yes---make a lot of money from election cycles.  The greatest money-maker for them is a close race, and it's fairly easy to steer public opinion by shining the spotlight on the warts and outrageous things a candidate might say to pander to certain audiences.  Our system thrives on partisan differences---It drove this election, and it'll drive the post-election transition.  It's far easier to manipulate a nominally "free" electorate when they're busy fighting each other, rather than demanding accountability from their government.  It's past time to snap out of it and learn to work together across artificial boundaries to do just that.  It's time to listen to each other, and you may as well start at home; whatever Don's warts, the Constitution has not been suspended (yet)---It's the kind of document that thrives from adversity.  We'll see how he likes it as boss.
This is about what you would expect: A black guy advocating his own lynching by supporting RW Nazis. Does any rational person even believe this crap anymore?
Gerald, One of the photos of a historical hand-out referenced them by saying "three companies of colored". It is significant because of what was going on at that period of history. The armed forces were segregated until President Truman signed an order in 1948 integrating all armed forces. Now days people serving in the armed forces are considered to one color, green, but back in the 1940's that was not the case.  Doing so does not diminish the service of the other people at all. Maybe here where I live we are more aware of the service by the Japanese Americans because there has been a lot done locally to honor the families here who were sent to camps while their sons fought and were highly awarded for their service. Last July our most prominent Japanese family was honored on the 4th of July. The story of how their friends took care of their business for them until they returned  is special. The Alaska Natives are remembered by that family as helping them too and vice versus.
"Fuck you Mikal. Don't laugh at something I say you stupid little punk ass bitch. No one likes you. Pussy."
I'm sure there are some good people on this list who deserve the honour but for the most part it is just the elitist "intelligentsia" of Canada patting themselves on the back while telling themselves that they've done a good job despite all evidence to the contrary.
That is RTD land/parking.  Good luck getting them to give it up.  If they ever do, it will be because the demand for the land is insanely high and there will be a parking garage put in.
"heavy hand of the state" the Liberals epitomize that statement, hypocrites
@Lovelesslovely @Kwitchabichen25 hey aklve! Im taking out the black ghetto trash. Youre blocked nigger
Trumpski is a thin-skinned idiot.  Nothing you can do or say will change that, including blaming everyone else for what comes out of his blowhard mouth.  What an idiot.  Enjoy Trumpkins. You'll be reading a lot about his tupidity and failures in the future.
Start working at home with Google! It’s by-far the best job I’ve had. Last Wednesday I got a brand new BMW since getting a check for $6474 this – 4 weeks past. I began this 8-months ago and immediately was bringing home at least $77 per hour. I work through this link, go to tech tab for work detail.  +++++++++http://www.cashapp24.com/
I remember Laura Bush ran over her boyfriend and killed him and didn't get charged. Aahhh the simple life of the priveleged parasites!
There has to be some Female  Bull's  out there that would like to meet  Heidi Rosemarie Musalf , and keep her out of trouble..................
Overall sounds like a good idea.  However, please insure that whoever is spear heading these tours take the time to educate volunteers on these hikes.  As a former BSA Hiking MB counselor.  Make sure that use either use the boot brushes at the beginning of the trail to keep invasive species out.  Understand how to use "mind's eye" to look back at a fork on a trails so you know way back.  Do not let anyone remove any plantings, flowers or foilage to take as a souvenir. You can work with DNLR and keep them informed of plans and hey may ask for your assist. Caution volunteers to bring ample of H2O, first aid kit (or leader to carry comprehensive kit), sunscreen, medication (antihistamine, Epipen), no trailblazing (keep on marked trail).  Expect the best but plan for the worst.
RT @LowkeyStoner_: Gay girls really do get more pussy than niggas &#128514;&#128069;&#127946;&#128175;
Where did you acquire your delusions?  We should burn that place down.
When did this hurricane happen? Yesterday?
We used to go every year. We loved to make a day out of touring the homes. Back when the had a single site, that is. We have not seen a single home since they changed the format. We have no desire to drive all over the metro area, wasting gas, causing pollution, wasting time in traffic, etc.
I'm curious as to why 'people's prejudices' should take precedence over legal immigrants' rights to live wherever they can find work and housing.  And I ask this as someone who, despite both my wife and I working full-time, once faced homelessness because rental property owners' color-based 'prejudices' wouldn't let them rent to us.  Try that with a four year-old and a newborn in tow and tell me how you'd feel about it...
Really your comparing pot addicts with slavery?  Sorry but that is just an argument of the absurd.
Join my crew bitches
Don't touch my edits, mothafucka. You're just angry cos ur poem sucks.
In Ontario pigs are permitted to go without water for up to three days before slaughter (I believe).  And it was a hot day.  You can disagree with what she did, but please stick to facts when making your argument.
You're fast   Ahhahahaha you're fast. Didn't waste any time. Place William Hope's p-nis (the head, only) over my lips. Them I will suck it and he will c-m inside my mouth.
John 10:10-11 The thief [substitute Lion] comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full. “I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.
Except Trump has no real idea about whats at stake because he's an idiot.
Im hoping Gorsuch dies early like his  witch of a mother
m:  TRANSLATION:  Reality.  But for those, like yourself, it is much more satisfying to continue to play the blame game.
RT @X_LexiiSoUnique: All I see down my TL is naked white bitches &#128064;&#128064;&#128064;&#128584;
This bitch always got shit to say about what other people like
To answer this:  Ted Bundy was white. You're white. What does that tell you?  Ummmm...Ted Bundy was a white serial killer?!    Next!
"  Honestly, I don't even remember making those edits in the Orlando Jordan article. However, I was correct for editing out a statement that was not properly sourced. As far as my statement about Kanyon goes, it may have been incorrect, but it's really not a big deal. It's just a discussion page, not the article. Also, you didn't have to write to me in such a disrespectful tone. Finally, learn how to spell. You should have written, ""...you're at the right place to argue with me then,"" not ""your."" Put that in your pipe, and smoke it, asshole. "
It is not historic if you are admitting it is still used, is it? It is de facto. I will post no further comment here as this issue is getting rather long in the tooth.
It is like a scene from a bad movie where allegiance to the party is the only thing that matters; otherwise Kim has you shot from a cannon. .   Apparently the GOP looters in the legislature have not seen the problems they created over the years.  Billions in budget short falls is pretty good evidence there are problems going unanswered year after year with the same party loyalty being followed.
Anything is better than the plaque.
He be like "bitch dontouch my braids"
They should be charged for their room and board, actual costs and administrative fees. This is why we need to deport anyone who enters the country illegally.
HEY I ASKED YOU A QUESTION AND YOU STILL HAVENT RESPONDED TO IT YET11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111   SUCK MY FUCKING BALLS YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES72.191.164.67  MRIVERA25
The big challenge to a military approach is that N. Korea has a huge bank of artillery trained on Seoul, plus a standing army of 1.2 million soldiers.  They're not that far apart and this city of over 10 million could be obliterated.  Neutralizing all of that firepower is likely impossible.  So what kind of military response is possible?  Do we trust the Trump administration to make a rational choice?
You can fuck off too, you Twatus Majorus.
I'm sure Canucks fans have nothing but praise and fond memories of him.
Sarcasm.
You don't really believe that do you?  Or is this a semantics thing?  Because, everyone in the US is "covered".  But Congress can still choose to not.  It's in the ACA law.
Ms. Moore, Please do some research regarding the Qur'an, the Sunna, and Hadith. You see, the profit Mohammed is qualified to interpret the Qur'an right? And the Hadith is authoritative to all Muslims right? Therefore, when the Qur'an orders the Muslim to kill Jews and infidels, well it means just that. Look at Iraq, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Paris, Germany, the UK, Africa, even here in our beloved country.  And the press.. Really? They've been proven to be biased.  You say to go pray?  Do you honestly think God wants Hillary in office? Don't you think that the God of all, Creator of all things, the one true King, holy and wise, worthy of all glory and praise could of put hillary in office if it was His will? You see, God calls out kings. Most of us did pray about this election. We prayed for our country, we prayed for our enemies, we prayed for guidance, for a leader who would listen to God and protect us from what evil is sweeping the world right now...  He answered.
The brutal attack of an innocent kid is inexcusable. Perhaps Brits fear that allowing more asylum seekers into their country will result in more no-go communities for white Brits,  and more harassment of single white women who dare parade the streets without dress deemed to meet Sharia standards.   When those of evident eastern origin start writing about the isolation of their co-religionists and their unwillingness to accept the customs of the countries into which they have so graciously been allowed into to seek asylum, perhaps more people will empathize with their plight. As it stands, the overwhelming majority of hate crimes reported in the media are committed by Muslims against other Muslims, Christians and Jews. I hate to see a kid hurt because he's brown, just as I hate that people kill because they don't approve of another person's religion.
Come here, let me give you a hug.   I know you are just lashing out because your republican choices are ridiculous.
"OK. Let's see if we can come up with ALL the ridiculous stereotypes that we Libtards believe about Republicans and put it all together.  "Evil White Guy in Pickup Truck? Check.  "Confederate Flag? Check.  "Tea Party-inspired Gadsden Flag? Check.  "Scared shitless undocumented Mexican Kid and Family? Check.  "Scared shitless black kid? Check.  "Scared shitless Muslim girl in habib? Check. Token (presumably gay) white kid? Check.  "Gillespie bumper sticker on Evil White Guy's Pickup Truck? Check.  "Great, I got everything!"  "Ah, Seth? You forgot the Trump 'Make America Great Again' Bumper sticker."  "DAMN IT!!!!"
and the lib troll of trash spews the talking points, hey lib, how about the economy in the dump! the record debt that will costs us untold billions for a generation! ,, how about corruption in elections, never mind the very long list of billion dollar boondoggles,,  you seem to think we are fooled by your post when its clear you are a lib troll of trash
It"s a very likely scenario as he seems incapable of self control. There may already be cases in the works.  It would not however set a president.  That honour goes to President Clinton in 1999 as reported by the New York Times on April 13 of that year. "A Federal judge held President Clinton in contempt of court today, saying he had willfully provided false testimony under oath about his relationship with Monica S. Lewinsky in the sexual misconduct lawsuit filed by Paula Corbin Jones. In a scathing 32-page ruling, Judge Susan Webber Wright said Mr. Clinton testified falsely in a Jan. 17, 1998, deposition that he had not had sexual relations with Ms. Lewinsky. Judge Wright, of Federal District Court in Little Rock, Ark., said the President's actions had subverted the rule of law and violated Ms. Jones's right to information relevant to her case."
I have plenty to say.  But unfortunately, given our current atmosphere, I cannot. Oh well. I think Wikipedia is definitely headed for trouble, big time, but I cannot even say why because it is too dangerous. You guys are doing a swell job though. Swell.
Soccer and Music .
A couple of words from a non-citiot. (city-idiot) I have butchered and been in the presence of many an animal processed from living to cuts ready to eat.  I don't need to, " force yourself past the dangerous process of mental abstraction most carnivores rely on to keep on swallowing our ham baguettes – it’s just flat-out wrong." Nor do I appreciate the preachiness of your new found moral---telling us all its flat-out wrong. That being said, for 1.5 years I was a vegetarian. I was more inspired by the measured words of Thoreau, "when I had caught, and cleaned, and cooked, and eaten my fish, they seemed not to have fed me essentially. it was insignificant and unnecessary, and cost more than it came to. A little bread or a few potatoes would have done as well, with less trouble and filth." But then, I work hard labour and meat is so fulfilling so I gave it up for a balanced diet and that is the last I will ever attempt at vegetarianism.
Wow just wow!  Emma C was flying!  Proud to live in CB and to have met her here.
lollllllllllllllllllll, i love it, habs suck...lollllllllllllll
Come on man.  Trump can't have what you're not willing to give.  At least Trump has been consistent that he's going to deport 11 million illegals.  Just remember, Trump boasted at a rally that he can shoot someone and people would still vote for him.  Better watch out for that gatling gun.
Some conviction leadership rather than suck & blow Trudeau would be a start
I just think it is a shame that the NFL and the NFL supporters are going to suffer because some selfish snowflake put both of those entities at odds with each other. If anyone thinks they can get people to listen to their side of an issue by disrespect the flag and country, then they are stupid!
Time hop makes me realize how much off a faggot I was lol
The people we now refer to as indigenous were in North America for at least 10,000 years before Europeans crashed the party in the interests of exploitation and Christian converts. The Canadian government can afford to be generous to indigenous people on our behalf seeing as we got a huge. prosperous country out of the deal.
Geez, there went Oahu on a coin toss decision, friend or foe.  900,000 people get fried because a simple decision can't be made by a sailor?  Sorry folks, the entire country is in deep doo doo if we are reliant on a military that is reliant on high school graduates like this sailor.  That's what we get when we give an entire generation "participation trophies" instead of understanding the price of winning and losing.
He just "mispoke". No worries though....after "interpreting" and "reaching out", he'll "clarify" what he really meant to say.
Wow.  My only response is at least the author didn't get into play dough, coloring books or petting fluffy little puppies.
Brill, there's a lot of people like that in Alaska these days. Two income families have been reduced to one income families while pay has been stagnant. A $1,000 may not be a lot to you but for a lot of people it may just provide a little breathing room when things are tight.  Your post comes off as judgemental and out of touch with a lot of Alaskan's situation.
A rough estimate for under-grounding all electrical facilities in Chugach's territory would easily work out to over $500,000,000. With gross revenue at around $200,000,000 per year, the 2% underground surcharge tacked onto consumer bills would take well over 100 years to accumulate the funds necessary to pay for all the facilities in town... That pie in the sky logic also neglects the fact that electrical facilities need to be replaced a couple times a century, and that buried lines still fail, usually due frost heaving instead of trees and are many times harder to repair when they do fail.  I for one couldn't afford the 400% rate hike that would be necessary to cover the costs of under-grounding everything before it's useful life has been realized (which is when they underground stuff now).
Trash. I own acreage in the McKenzie Valley that has been in my family since 1960. I've watched first hand as the watershed is poisoned by helicopters every spring and fall. The rolling foothills are now denuded and replanted with hyper growth doug fir planted in corn rows. Without genetic diversity, a disease could wipe out millions of acres of tree farms and leave dead, diseased trees to burn or rot. And BTW, Weyco is no longer "The Tree Growing Company". They are a real estate trust and poised to develop their lands into 20 and 40 acre home sites, putting more rural homes adjacent to tree farms and increasing the risk of another human caused wildfire. It's stupidity based on greed and nothing else. When you enjoy a glass of water, thank the chemical industry for the additional flavors of 2,4d, and a palette of herbicides designed to kill. It's an unsustainable practice that will come back to haunt us.
Ion pay for pussy, because her pussy priceless.. I go fishin in it and I ain't a Pisces
Y  E  S        S  I  R
Jeff Flake is a huge phony and hypocrite. He PROMISED to abide by term limits when he first ran for office. OOPS.....when time ran out, he decided NOT to abide by his term limits promise.  The ONLY thing keeping Jeff Flake from not sleeping is looking at his poll numbers in Arizona. PULEESE.......if his poll numbers showed him winning re-election handily, do you think he would have this moment of conscience....which he NEVER had before??? Give me a break. Jeff Flake is out for Jeff Flake. Pure and simple........
Will Trump pay for the guys legal fees as promised?
"The political will in Denver is for liberty and equality."  If your political will was for liberty, why is no one allowed to opt out of government programs?  Why aren't they volunatary?  As for equality, that's never been a part of the human condition.  We are not all created with equal physical or mental attributes and there will never be equal outcomes.  All we can provide is equal opportunity.  We all have to play with the cards we're dealt, and they are never going to be equal.  The attitudes of ambition, dedication, determination, organization, and leadership are never going to be equal, either, which is why the 80/20 rule is accurate.  80% of the people don't have those attitudes, and work for the 20% who do.  It's the interests of that 20% that are sacrificed for the greater good of the many, which is why Progressivism is failing everywhere.  If you try to force equality, you're going to have a civil war on your hands.
So, no Jewish immigrants? No Seventh-Day Adventists, or other fundamentalist Christian sects who prohibit pork? No vegetarians regardless of origin?  So much ignorance and bigotry. Pathetic.
You fool. The NEP had nothing to do with world oil  prices dropping to 5 bucks a barrel.  You must have spent your Ralph bucks.
Vote New Dinosaur Party if you condone big American, militant, unions corrupting our pristine province.
I couldn't bare to vote for Clinton, she is so corrupt, dishonest and mean spirited it makes me ill.
They simply don't know what they think they know. Armchair economists that don't even really have a concept of what exactly 1 Billion is. If say I asked how high they could count in their lifetime they would have to google it because they couldn't even tell you anywhere near the correct order of magnitude. Nor could they tell you say how much dirt Bill Gates would have had to shovel at minimum wage to have "earned it." Until you know the reality of what you talk about, the wise adage is that its better to shut up and be thought a fool than open your mouth and prove it. too many "economists" here that couldn't tell a derivative from a reverse mortgage let alone explain global wage arbitrage or the carry trade.
Awe, damn.  I came here to read all the whining about how "My cats were terrified!" And "my dog has PTSD now!!" But... No-one's said anything yet.
You suck, Bill Walker.
Time for more melting pot less multiculturalism.
Can I sit on your face &#8212; Sit on a hot stove bitch http://t.co/XPauwp43OA
Clone Saga Sucks  This article needs more info about how EVERYONE hated the clone saga and it is considered to be one of the worst comic stories in the history of comics. The Clone Saga is ridiculously stupid, displays what kind of arrogance and contempt Marvel has for it's readers, and anyone who likes it is a goddamn marvel sycophantic moron.
Good idea, let's dump a bunch of sea water on the fire so after it's out nothing will grow for a couple of decades.
First he says "It is imperative that our sporting teams reflect the demographics of our country." Then, in the next paragraph, he says that racial representation doesn't need to be ensured in Soccer! Make up your mind.   On the other hand, I fully agree with "access to playing these sports must be fair, and transparent" - I'm completely in agreement for equal access being ensured...I'm not so keen on equal outcomes being ensured...
Liberalism is a serious mental illness.
That bitch got 5 million boyfriends
Holy crap, this is beyond ridiculous! These so called "counselors" need to be removed from their position. "According to the job description, they serve as "counselors" to younger students in the dorms."  Does this not include Leadership by Example? Being someone the school is proud to have represent their campus? Do we need to keep letting people stir the pot and start more racial drama? College should be about getting an education and this roommate situation is a joke. We have bigger issues on campus: Sexual assault (1 in 3 women are sexually assaulted on their college campus).  Campus shootings and acts of violence. College is a huge financial commitment - especially when you live on campus!  College is all about new learning experiences and trying new things. Experimenting & adventures. Roommates are about living with other people. Don't want a roommate? Then live by yourself! But if you are on campus, in campus dorms then advertising for a roommate based on race is not acceptable.
SIGNED ANON SO SUCK ON THAT YA FUNKMUNCH
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
using arguments based on
The history challenged hold sway in Denver. The irony that Columbus never set foot in North America is completely lost on the woefully ignorant. But I guess nothing is scarier to the Democratic Party than an Italian explorer, who came as close as Cuba to present-day U.S., and who died 511 years ago. Of course, historians credit Leif Erickson with exploring North America almost 500 years before Columbus failed to reach North America. Perhaps, the City of Denver will ban Swedish meatballs or fondue? So many statues to tumble and so many books to burn for the DNC yet so little time.
what business is it of yours loser what anyone chooses to buy
Well if the Rolling Stone mag wants Justin as a leader then go ahead take him. Can't wait to see the American voter reaction when he imposes a Carbon Tax in the US. Now that will make for some electrifying news headlines.  Cover of the Rolling Stone.........how trite.
all Hawkish generals and Wall St banksters, it's going to be a rough ride for the American people
@bradley_eckman don't say shit like that lil nig .. Or I'll give you a &#127812; stamp
There are over 125 million adult women in the USA.  Half a million protesters is a drop in the bucket.  I didn't say her job was a "good" one.
"It’s not very meaningful."  I believe he was referring to his presidency.
Bear spray is a shotgun.
You know nothing of what I speak. You are intentionally and willfully ignorant. And arrogant enough to say so.
Is that what Tim Masters' problem was, he was too stupid?
They can make 'em. It doesn't mean people will buy 'em.
I'm not familiar with the dismissal process, but this article states that the board voted unanimously for her dismissal and that she has 10 days to appeal. Is the vote the same as a dismissal, or is her dismissal pending the outcome of her appeal?  Her atty will argue that she was not "technically convicted" and that she is a good person who will of course follow through with diversion programs. Maybe her rough childhood will come to light, or the stress she's been under in both her personal and her professional life. I'm sure that her atty is confident of a win and is a bargain compared to Ms Crouch's teaching career being over.
My neighbors be sick when i wake um up to all this nigger music ctfu
I love how everyone on here is making assumptions about the victim and his car and blah blah blah. You ppl probably don't know him and have no right to slandering him by calling him a drug dealer ect. He was a good man. One of my best friends. He deserves more respect than this bullshit.
It's just a really weak insult.
Yeah 😄, That would have been even better!
Actually, we DO have a pretty good idea how they work...Peso=Say-so...Now, back to your cubicle Señor Colitivito.
Relax they all get sent back  The # of claiments coming this year is STILL far lower than past years - e.g., 2009 was much higher
thanks cunt   thanks for speedily deleting my john kerr page. if it ever happens again you will wake up looking down the barrel of a shotgun and then we will punch your nut sack till we hit concrete but if we are on any other surface uh oh for you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
I submitted a post that did not make it past the social justice warriors who "screened" (censored out of existence) my comment.  My post criticized the decision of the editors to announce in bold font, at the top of the Massey College report, that two related articles (roll eyes) are titled "I was a neo-Nazi, I know the cure for hate" and "How we can build resilience against hatred in Canada".  And I asked, hello, how are those "related articles"? That is, where on earth is the evidence that hatred and hate had anything to do with the Massey College quip?  Please explain yourselves, social justice warriors who blocked my post.  What part of it are you pretending was uncivil as a comment?
RT @ThatsSoRyannn: &#8220;@zzachbarness: "IBS" irritable bitch syndrome.&#8221; I have this
shut the fuck up you peace of shit
Laughable how your dick is orange from jerking off to your own stupidity ...
Are you tired of winning yet?
JT has handed out his marching orders via the mandate letters to his minions so now he can go on vacation again.
Dude. Calm down. Have some dip.
You, like most of the other cunts on here, are an utter cunt. Get a nasty ailment and die. You fucking prick.
Here's a link to one of the lawsuits against Bill "Falafel" O'Reilly: http://www.thesmokinggun.com/file/oreilly-suit-turns-10  It might explain why O'Reilly and Trump seem to have so much in common.
This is the parents responsibility, not the states. Feed your children and take care of their medical needs, stop depending on the government for everything.
I just wanna get lifted &amp; fuck exotic bitches!
This election carrot by the Christy government, “the LNG dream creating thousands of jobs and billions in tax revenue!”  Putting aside what environmental damage may be done, if this project goes ahead, just, how is this benefiting British Columbians?  Even if this project happens, the taxes will be few and the jobs short lived, with most of the profits going off shore.
Oh, are you an overpaid public service slug also?
S/O To all the hoes waiting up for that goodnight text.. Bitch please, that nigga don't love you
Is Trump a liar or a fool? Those are my only options?  I pick" All of the Above".
There have been years of public debate, multiple environmental assessments, many recommendations adopted and the expansion  project is approved.  Racheal Notley-Arab does not need to pander to the cry babies to get this built.  IT IS ALREADY APPROVED!
Your career was never coming back and IF you think people will tolerate this I'm not sorry BS...you are more delusional that anyone thought! Go away! You are a sick and twisted person. Disgusting piece of flesh I've ever seen.
A very deserving winner as Thaler is a very smart guy and a good bridge between theory and practice.    (Below is a link to a paper about the NFL draft, overconfidence and the tendency to over value picks.)  Financial systems are run by people, it is often intervention by people to mitigate risk that changes distributions and creates crisis.  Such was the case in 1987 and 2008.  Models that include human behavior, therefore, are better at helping us understand how our world will play out than simple calculus based marginal pricing models.    http://www.nber.org/papers/w11270
Bahahahahahaha!  Eat at home.  That way you know what you areesting and it is a hell of a lot cheaper.
Why not condos?  The views would be priceless and bring in big time money for OHA.
chill bitch http://t.co/baxiffkD9w
Can't get anything done in Hawaii with the system set up. Need to start privatizing - espero is union oriented and wants to keep  the status quo - bad for the state and taxpayers.
I am very anti-ILLEGAL immigration. Very pro legal immigration.  That being said, illegal immigrants are not losers. They are a variety of different types of people that need to take the steps to legally emigrate to our country in a manner and number that is beneficial to the US.
Good point
I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell .
We were debating the election that led Hitler to power, in a democratic way, not what he did afterwards, empowered by Germans votes. Using randomly the "Holocaust argument" is a form of disrespect for all those who died.
The US Constitution disagrees with you.  It grants Congress the right to make Fed laws and the execute branch the right to carry them out.  It does not, however, grant the courts the power to negate any law or executive order.  This came about as a blatant power grab when the US Supreme Court granted itself this right.  The case was Marbury v. Madison.
Holy smokes!  A rational thinker in the comments section!  Downvote quickly, before he infects others! Seriously, how can you argue with emotional, un-sourced statements and oddball comments equating all this to some sort of "justice" or revenge from nature?
Didn't you get the government memo ?
Trump should put people to work in the woods thinning, burning, decommissioning and removing roads, repairing roads and culverts, etc. Imagine a "make work" style restoration effort in the spirit of the CCC.  The cost savings alone in recovered future unspent fire suppression monies would pay for this.
Another reason he can't here is his brains are damaged.
"I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all." That’s what we learned in school. We’ve recited it over and over. But is it true? No, not in my experience and not in my life. I think every American with half-a-brain will agree justice for all does not exist.  It never has. So it’s a lie.   And all of us pretend to believe it.   We also hear: All men are created equal. No we’re not. Not in my experience and in my life. That’s another lie that we pretend to believe.   If we are honest with ourselves we can conclude America is hopelessly mired in lies about itself and others. And we wonder why lying has become normal. Even our politicians and president lie at will with no regret. There no such thing as a debate with a liar.
Yada, yada, yada, see if he really forks over the money and when he doesn't, his staff will double down on hanging him out to dry and he will say in his usual cluelessness, that they are traitors, duh!!
Saw a vine of Kobe calling Dwight Howard "you a bitch ass nigga"
Her message was drowned by that eye sore. The reason she would wear a monstrosity like that? So you wouldn't notice how stupid she sounds.
A little surprised Schofield was waived.  Dave Logan has been saying he's kinda expecting the Broncos to sign one more OL from another team.
It is Catholic teaching that crime merits punishment in this life and as well as the next, and that the State has authority to administer appropriate punishment, including the sentence of death.  There are four reasons for the State levying any penalty:  Rehabilitation. The sentence of death can and sometimes does move the condemned person to repentance and conversion.  Defense against the criminal. It obviously prevents the wrongdoer from committing future crimes. Whether execution is necessary is a prudential judgment, but modern penal systems in some countries have made it rare for execution to be the only means of defending society.  Deterrence. The evidence on deterrence is ambiguous.  Retribution. Guilt calls for punishment. The graver the offense, the more severe the punishment ought to be. And by consenting to the punishment of death (e.g., the “Good Thief”) the criminal can expiate his evil deeds and escape punishment in the next life.  Heinous crimes may require death.
It's not going through the reservation, idiot.
ignorant lib trolls like you are a dinosaur given your stupidity here every day, the oil sector is growing around the world ,, we need to exit our buying of terrorist oil from the mid east and stand on our own from the OIL SANDS oil,,  we are not phasing out anything other than liberal bs
Stupid lowlife punks need to go to jail. For a long time. Then we citizens who work and respect the rule of law get to enjoy freedom from the lowlife punks. Simple and true and cost effective for respectful Alaskans coming off shift from airport and hospital jobs. Or any other 24 hour shift jobs. Punks need to be dealt with- and not just with a weine-limp wrist oh please can you behave better...how about punishment? And publish their names, pictures, and parents names/pictures!
"high attorney fees,"   Damn lawyers ruin everything.
Figures that the same people that torture and kill "Man's Best Friend" at the disgusting Yulin "festival" would be responsible for this.
I was in the Navy stationed on Adak when they exploded the Cannikin bomb. Adak is quite a distance from Amchitka and we felt it there.  I had a friend (now deceased) who witnessed an above ground hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific. It scared him for the rest of his life.  Too bad every politician couldn't experience the incomprehensible power of these devices.
There are just too many naive, ignorant, uneducated, careless, and flat out stupid people in this world.
Is that a personal attack? ~
Republican or Democrat, these are Texans, and anyone who has spent any amount of time in TX knows what that means.  There is nowhere else you'll find the level of compassion, selflessness, and community service that Texans embody and practise.  Quit politicizing this, you mongoloids.
RT @YABOYLILB: THE FUCK YOU LOOKING AT BITCH! SWERVE  *puts heelys into full gear*  *glides past the bitches*
Hello Roger Fight, the U.S. IS RUN LIKE A BUSINESS/ CORPORATION you fool, (albeit, run by inept morons)! So how will being a Business man NOT help????
It's for sure that trawling doesn't help.  It's all man made in the end.  Humans are stupid.
Don't forget Papa John's. La Perla is still our favorite. Pegasus a close second.
@theshardyrebel #faggot
How did the guy return home by Alaska Airlines or what? How would you like to have been on that flight in a closed space. Why doesn't the article speak of this and is there no chance that arriving and departing flights can't be infectious especially by women?
Nope. You're a hypocrite with no standing.   See how that works?
Cavorting with Heretics   Fuck Heretics!!!
It's "hypocrites," sir.
"  You post a link to the National Review—and then have the nerve to go by the moniker of ""Neutral arbiter""? What kind of bullshit is that? == "
Oh boo hoo, there are plenty of women who get together and talk the same way about men, gather in groups to watch 50 Shades of Grey and then go back to their positions of power the next day. So quit acting all shocked and appalled. People are people, and most are hypocrites.
How many tax hikes during his reign?
Really? $800 to Chicago? I usually can't find a fare to TVC (one hour or so from Chicago) for under $11-1200.
Kuhio Freeway....since when did Kauai get a freeway. Kuhio Highway is the major road on the island, certainly not a freeway. How stupid is this SA writer.
So if climate change was real, forest fires would increase in size and number every year?  I feel like such a fool.  Darn you to heck, James Hansen!
DELETE IT AND MY IP ADDRESS, YOU STUPID FUCKING FAGGOT, NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'll go you one further.  Anyone declaring allegiance to "ISIS" should be handed over to the Islamic Republic and/or Hizbullah for execution.
I agree that the section on Israel/Palestine is biased towards the Israeli point of view. By construting Israeli settlements on Palestinian land, Israel is in violation of Article 49, paragraph 6 of the Fourth Geneva Convention which prohibit the occupying power from transfering its own civilians to occupied territory. This is not disputed by the UN or the international community. In addition, Israel is in violation of UN resolution 242, the 2002 UN , on Torture, as well as other well documented human rights abuses. To not mention these at all and to just point the finger at the Palestinians for violating international law does a great disservice to this article and makes it have a very biased POV. I believe wikipedia can rise above the massive POV of the U.S. media which refuses to criticize Israel for any reason whatsoever. We need more people to look at this article and to stop reverting it to an Israeli/American POV.
the voice of reason...... if only she were running against obama the first time..... I'd have voted for her.
You cant fix stupid...sadly there are many of them on the SJW side of things. On 2nd thought, its good that so many SJW's are absolute idiots, so that it is much easier to identify them.
The #NeverTrump Washington Examiner needs to get a life! Who cares what sore looser Al Gore thinks? How is his new movie / media lie about global warming doing this time around? Why even bother waste Internet bandwidth with this nonsense?
@TheJoelBerggren have you looked yourself? This is funny. This is like Obama saying he is good for the economy. Hipster faggot. Funny though
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
Thinking that i care dont give a fuck bout you think ! &#128576; #wop
Hear! Hear! Loud and clear!
Want to cry cause of the girls at La fitness ... Imma bitch
RT @RealSexAddicts: Wet&#128166; &amp; warm &#9832;&#65039; pussy &#128553;&#128525;
Sure it will.  There are hundreds of thousands of Americans pining to pick fruits and vegetables in the Salinas valley, since the wages and working conditions are outstanding.  Still more want to work as chambermaids in cut-rate motels and toil for below minimum wage keeping the lawns and gardens of the Bay area neat and tidy.  The fly-by-night contractors who need day labourers to work in unsafe conditions will see a groundswell of applications from Americans who have been cheated of their birthright by those lousy illegals.  And let's not forget the hot, greasy kitchens that offer such generous wages and benefits.  Yup, those jobs have the potential to end the vicious cycle of underemployment and poverty that plagues America's working class.
So, you're pushing him on his stance on issues that thinking, rational people knew was BS.  Got it.  Kind of funny how back in November he was moving ahead on things beyond HRC, and now he's ramping up the anti-HRC rhetoric again.  I wonder why........  Do you enjoy being played for a fool?
Trump and the russians did so well with fake news now the establishment republicans want to have their own fake news.
Apparently snowflakes can't handle the truth.  The ridiculous "Among abstracts expressing a position on AGW, 97.1% endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming" math calculation is based on a "32.6% endorsed AGW" subset.  You can't get any dumber than that.
Further, Canada has massive carbon capturing capacity in its forests, grasslands and soil, that fully offsets the amount of carbon released by our burning of fossil fuels.    Why should Canadians pay the government for something that Canadian nature already looks after?
Hey Boo Boo, where's the picnic basket?
There has to be a balance in scheduling--how good your team is vs. how tough your schedule is. The fact is, you have to win at least as many as you lose, or you're a "loser."  Also, 20 wins at the end of the season, no matter who it is against, counts for post-season consideration. Those are facts, so a good scheduler won't be a fool and schedule seven Top 25 schools if he only has two 3-star player and 12 2-star players.  Who would go to see a team who is pummeled every time out?  Ganot knows what he is doing. Ethics has little to do with this matter. Good sense does.
But remember , lots of people I hear say that their parents would kick off if their brought back a non-white home to introduce him/her as their partner .
His choice what to to with it.
These are terrible hours for all involved...I hope the weather clears and a signal is heard real soon...leading to a rescue of all on board...
The federal Government with its French bias has been doing everything in its power to hollow out Winnipeg just like they did to the Maritimes. I would like to have a referendum once and for all across Canada on the question of giving Quebec the boot.  That is for another day, the real issue on this file is Canada does not need the jets, we need big, powerful icebreakers to patrol and set up our presence in the Artic. Cancel the Jets and buy/build a couple of modern icebreakers for the navy.
Ignorant post. Patriots' Day is a local holiday in Boston on which the race takes place.
"*1) Faradays law of induction cannot be explained by electron theory Source: physics Textbook  2) Maxwells electromatetic theory is in direct violation of electron theory. Most notably from his theory displacement current is still taught as mainstream science. Source physics Textbook  3) In chemisty the number of electrons leaving a mass is determined by the voltage Source: chemistry textbook  4) In induction physics, the current is determined by the number of coils in the winding source: physics textbooks  5) In circiut theory the current is determined by the load Source: also physics textbook  6) these three things are all different  7) In the power industry, there is also something called ""current draw"" which is a current not determined by the load but the power supply Source: Con Edison training manual  8) All of these things with the exception of 7 are excepted theories of science that contflict with the electron. Number 4 and 5 conflict with number 3 which is part of the definition of the electron.  Known people in the scientific community who said that they did not hold electrons to be true without proof(or admitted there existance to be different than that of mainstream science)  1) Albert Einstien said that their existance was different  2) Max Planck said that he would not hold it to be true without proof  3) Faraday was totally against the idea before it ever came out  4) Tesla in his patents refers to electricity as a pressure rather than a substance  5) Heaviside said that electrons were compressed ether  6) JJ Thomson the so called discover of the electron said that he did not agree with the electron theory that was interpreted from his experiment.  Anyone else that a circuits textbook fails to mentions. Actually I find that most circuits textbooks don't even talk at all about any scientist.  What I demand:  1) A scientific presentation of electron theory that uses the scientific method  2) A list of people in the scientific community who actually accepted this (and hold electrons to be a fact and more than a theory), and on what basis of the scientific method did they accept it.   "
Yes, if you would like to see your public tax dollars, meant for public education for ALL children, be put into the hands of private organizations such as AFP and the Freidman foundation, then by all means vote for the reformers.
Faked copy of another's account.
If god didn't approve of this, is he not powerful enough to have changed the vote? My, what a weak god.
If you attractive people just gone up and assume you got hoes
I sent my kids out of state. "Diversity" was not a criteria when choosing schools.
Thank you
Yeah you bad but hoe so what
"  I still want to know what you mean by ""a lot of your recent work...""    It seems to me that an entirely different standard is applied to me when editting the page on ""The State"".  It's just odd how everyone else can add ENTIRE SECTIONS of content to the page from memory without citation, but when I add a tiny bit of extra information it's reverted and I get a warning.    C'mon, what's this REALLY about?    I mean, unless you're going to scrub the ENTIRE PAGE for ""The State"" for lack of citation, I will be forced to reject your recent comments to me as a blatant double-standard formed by ulterior motives."
Concentrating upon minutiae here, but why does the Washington continually call Clinton the candidate of her party, and Trump the nominee of his party?  Is that some sort of passive-aggressive leading regarding of the verbiage utilized?  Just wondering.
CE: actually today more than half of the children born in the US are born to unmarried couples.  So, I'd say your sign is a bit outdated.  However, in terms of sexual relations, it's time young men realized the importance of CONSENT regarding their interaction with young women.  Young U of O athletes are, of course, included.  Pulling a "Bill Cosby" doesn't play well today....Gary Crum
The law and truth are often in conflict. You can see Edward Snowden as a case in point.
Gee, I thought it was a done deal?
I love this bitch , he's dear to my heart.
Extending to $ 95,000!  Does that include the very frequent repair bills for those Land and Range Rover lemons?
FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME!-ANON
Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . .
*Because some dick insists that Ned Holness doesn't have german blood.
......into bankruptcy!
"House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and other Republicans have been talking lately about providing "universal access" to health insurance, instead of universal insurance coverage."  Hmmmm...that's exactly what we had. If you can't afford to "access", you can go to the ER, and let all the insured pay for it, or just die.
I agree. I think we should stop calling them "alt-right" and start calling them Nazis instead.
And let me guess... you claim to believe in "science" but probably think there are 19 genders too.  The left is just as loony when it comes to their "scientific" beliefs.  Americans - all of 'em are nuts.
Go fuck yourself Tbnotch I am on a public computer. Suck on it bitch face.
Do you have any facts to back up anything at all that you say?  Most liberals don't register and vote? Where are your facts? What proof do you have?   My god the right wing is getting desperate to deflect from Trump.
&#8220;@BeardedGemini: &#8220;@GinaSanabria_: I have no hoes because yah nigga ain't shit&#8221;&#8221;
Congratulations to the Rockies for making it to the 2017 post-season, albeit briefly. I think their sub-par play since the all-star break wasn't an aberration, but rather their fast start and holding the NL West lead on 20 June was. There certainly are bright spots to this team, and real hope for next year, but the bottom line is they are going to have to improve their pitching. Nevertheless, it was fun rooting for them this year, and I look forward to them making a run at it next year.
when I lived in Toronto, I commuted by bike all year on Bloor.  It is a bike all year city, usually not very wintery.  But when I rode Bloor, it was a death zone of parked car doors.  Good on them for making proper bike lanes.
Get your weak ass juco highlights off twitter hoe
One of the "unintended consequences" of "liberalism" and "progressive-ism" is that, when you make something "bad" actually seem "not-that-bad" or - worse - actually pretty good, you (1) don't deter some from doing what you don't want them to do (2) actually end up encouraging the behavior you wanted to discourage. - If Denver provides free housing, free food, and free medical care to the homeless, (1) does that actually encourage more people to become homeless? (2) encourage the homeless from other cities/states to come to Denver? (3) actually deter the homeless from becoming non-homeless where they might have to work to get money to buy the very things they get for free while they are homeless?  - If we make "jails" more like a "motel" with as much as the "comforts of home" as we can "progressively" provide. (1) might that actually "not deter" would-be criminals from being criminals because, "heck, jail ain't so bad" and (2) we end up encouraging exactly the behavior we don't want?
hip holster is much faster to get out than unslinging a rifle, especially while wearing a pack.  The sling can get hung up on the pack straps.
Since we're now a sanctuary state we should have the illegals do the work the American Union members refuse to do!
There are such people as educated fools. . .
@robfee What a #narcissistic cunt he is.
RT @cockyblackguy: When a hoe get outta line featuring @SsippiHippie cat http://t.co/vHGexgIPAs
U FAT NOOB!!  I'm Samuel Gary Carter and I can't offend myself!!  I didn't add either of those pages  soo something must have hacked into mya ccount  and done i tthere
So now we know how stupid he thinks we are.
I removed the o that was attached to economist in the above quote. I hope that I was correct in doing so and it wasn't a quaint spelling of economist that I don't recognize.
Bald asshole in a porsche for president!
"growing controversy"  Shouldn't that be "growing faux controversy"?  Using a grieving mother to make political attacks is typical of sleazy, scum-sucking, liberals.
Love this! Rooting for the bison.
"  I also like GPM's phrase, ""...Menzies' theories concerning early fifteenth century Chinese expeditions beyond the Cape of Good Hope to the Americas and Europe..."" Regarding the merger last year, I strongly objected to the removal of content, which was done without discussion, let alone consensus.  I wrote at the time, ""A consensus to merge was NOT a consensus to mutilate the content of the articles discussing the books.""   "
Remember when Mr Maddow released the bombshell shocker of Trump's tax returns that showed he paid more taxes in a single year than you will earn in your lifetime?  Or nah?
RT @CraziestSex: hoes these days be like &#128514; http://t.co/AvlwKKD8rW
You might want to check the use of your quotation marks when calling someone else an idiot.
Hey ISB, You still have one foot on the Leafs bandwagon. Still not committed to jumping on board?
I can hear Trump looking at Dion and saying,,,," are you talking to me !"
Under what law would you prosecute?
There’s no need to rush, as they have waited this long. Do whichever one(s) you want whenever you want. But getting back to //: another possibility is to include them into , leaving only a redirect in the original locations.
you seam like a fucking hot and kinky person and i would like to bang the shit out of you
1 thang i know these bitches come n go so keep em out your bussiness
Correct, most Jews of European descent are not Semites. Anti-zionism is the most accurate term and naturally some have a political interest in broadening that to a larger group.
The only thing that waters can guarantee is that she is a complete idiot. Sadly she is an accurate reflection of her CA district.
I've taken the government's "official" survey, and subsequently the spoof surveys at that National Post and Toronto Star... but this send-up nails it.  Bravo Zulu, G&M!
wow! there are a lot of stupid voters in Clallam co these levies should have been DEFEATED! This levy should not have increased every year, it should have been a flat amount every year!  We the taxpayers are taxed more than enough  if schools want to fund ops and other things then they should look to raise PRIVATE MONEY instead of looking to the taxpayers for a handout!    Also Superintendent Gary Neal does NOT and SHOULD NOT BE PAID OVER $100.000+ A YR!
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .
It's a failed attempt to whitewash the civilly unsanitary ideologies that predictably push these events from ideation into into being and give  them their dreadful power. Nothing like this ever happens in a social vacuum.
A chance to spend more money on a family that has never contributed to our country.
"you are just an idiot blabbermouth that is gonna get stopped HARD one day! You WILL NOT be saved."
I agree completely. The schools in Oregon have never had stable and predictable support. And the bad budget years do harm that takes years to overcome. Measure 97 is the only plan on the table to stabilize Oregon's wreck of a tax structure. With the deficit we face, it's the only positive and constructive action available. There are other matters, too.  Our infrastructure needs funding, and the quality of technical expertise in our state agencies needs serious attention--we need new new hiring of smarter and better trained people. When you also consider that immigration from other states is at very high levels, you can see that we need to plan for population growth, and that affects all state services and agencies. We need to have a tax structure in place that ensures that newcomers pay their way and don't simply perch on what has already been built here by others. Measure 97 is a solid and effective way to go forward. Doing nothing is not.
It seemed impossible that the Trump cesspool of conflicts and corruption could get even deeper and more fetid.  But here you go!
Micciche is dishonest scum.
Where are their habits?
"Hammond had a good idea, that the PF would be used as both a ‘rainy day fund’ .... This is incorrect. 1) read his book "Diapering the Devil " .. It explains the entire history of the Permanent Fund and its intent. See:   www.cgdev.org/doc/books/GovernorsSolution/Ch2_GovernorsSolution.pdf  2) He wrote the vote "NO" position against the 1999 ballot prop. and the ballot proposition failed by 83%.. 5 to 1 in every single precinct in Alaska including Juneau and the University of Alaska campus.  In many places the opposition was far greater than 5 to 1... See: Ak. State Div. of Elections- ww.elections.alaska.gov/ei_return_1999_SPEC.php  3) There is a recording of him saying it was set up to pay DIVIDENDS not run gov.  Hope this is helpful.... wrong information is a cancer which plagues all of us.
R Troll's typically attack the truth news, like the Denver Post.  It is your modus operandi, Paul.  Where were the attacks on Hillary and Obama????  What about the Uranium deal that wasn't a controversy?  What about attacks on the "lefties" and "liberals" and BLM? What about your sworn fealty to tRump?
These folks are privately funded with recurring donations.  I'm not surprised that the city has failed to find a 'suitable' place for the camp; after all it's failed time and time again to negotiate a move for Right to Dream Too.  The fact is that these women need safety more than Portland needs another food cart pod, or overpriced apartments.  The reason the city is unable to figure this out is that NIMBYs and "undeserving poor" spewing crybabies are always going to oppose *any* proposed location / relocation.  So it has to be done w/o permission and survive on community support & direct action.  The fact is that R2d2 was declared an illegal campground a long time ago.  Too bad, so sad, but it's been politically impossible to enforce that immoral law for even longer.  I am looking forward to this well organized, funded, and very necessary camp staying for the long haul.  Y'all h8ters can adapt or move.  <3
The best way we can help is to continuously  question the idiots in Washington DC - their interests, their motives, their objectives   For if they hadn't armed the rebels in Syria - there would not be an unending war there  Had they not bombed Libya and removed Qaddafi from power the arms flowing from that country would have never reached the rebels in the middle east (including ISIL)    Had they not  invaded Iraq  over a decade ag while lying to the american public about WMD they might have the  world on their side  And had they  not continuously provoked Putin in his own backyard he might actual be working with them to find  a lasting solution  Without the idiots in Washington DC there would be no victims for the white helmets to rescue  Name ONE Muslim state that has attacked the United States of America. Name One.  Now count how many Muslims America has killed, assassinated, declared collateral damage, targeted,  tortured, bombed, shelled, annihilated
Retweet to spam this faggot RT @ChickenColeman: Dick going &#128070;
Little Potato said it would be a $10 billion deficit, and to fun infrastructure projects. Instead, they squandered more than double that amount, and have nothing to show for it.  Congratulations to every idiot who voted for these bums.
A big shoutout to the staff and member activists of the Colorado Sierra Club for their work developing City of Denver on this path!  Their 'Ready for 100' campaign shows how any given city can commit to -- and achieve -- getting all its electricity from renewable energy resources like solar PV and wind. Many thanks.
Not only is he a liar, he is a p*ssy grabbin’ bigot to boot.  And I agree with Tillerson’s candid remark, “He’s a f*cking moron, lol
I'm really grateful for your help with this inferno. 94.192.38.247
I am no Trump fan (vast understatement), but it's this kind of bipartisan cooperation that Washington needs FAR more of.
i have know idiots before but nothing quite like you AVRUCH.I do wish you would get a life instead of trying to fabricate the lives of others. You could not get a clearer quote from a High Court Judge and my dad won the case, won recognition (which was obvious)and won costs!!!!!    msds
RT @PapasPaid: My monday bitch keep her ass up and face down
Point us to where and when Republicans had the black family all squared away, ignorant racist.
The Kennedys have always been rich white trash.  This is not surprising.
Mr sincere, Stop spreading misinformation. It is NOT the democrats that want to give our $$ to big oil. Make no mistake, it is the republicans that give our $$$ to big oil.  Remember always, the republican mantra states that corporate profits are more important than people.
You are all of you so stupid. Where was the dog? The dog was on his owners property. The shooter broke the law, the shooter was not in danger. The shooter aimed at a sitting still dog. The dog had a shock collar that kept it inside the property. The shooter should be charged with destruction of property, harassment, and unlawful discharge of a weapon in city limits. Throw the GOD DAMN BOOK AT HIM!
I disagree. LeBron James did not tell it like it is.  LeBron is a huge Clinton supporter and he campaigned for her during the election.    The players and owners are being foolish. They have gone from protesting a social issue to protesting Trump and now to protesting against America itself. It's quite a situation when millionaires and billionaires are disrespecting the country and people that are the source of their wealth.    They have trapped themselves and Trump will emerge as the winner, yet again.
When my friends are roastin my other friends and idk who to roast I'm just like wait "who are your true nigs"&#128527;always da clan&#128111;&#128109;&#128129;
Junior is doing damage control now. His earlier remarks that everyone is welcome to this country is biting him in the posterior. These queue jumpers are just that, looking for a free handout and country shopping. No USA, let's try Canada.
The blame for this mess sits at the feet of Obama and those before him.  Thank goodness for Donald Trump, someone with ability to see this for what it is, a real and looming threat to the existence of mankind should the lunatics in NK start a nuclear war.
OK, so they're property...but the property was not shown to have been damaged, or otherwise rendered unfit for slaughter. Therefore, no mischief.  If someone poisoned the pigs, or damaged them in some material fashion, then the charge might stick.   But the only evidence in this case was that the defendant gave the pigs water, which did not preclude their entry into the food chain.  If you think that should be otherwise, write your MP or MPP and seek to change the laws accordingly. But don't bring obviously losing cases at great public expense, when the Courts are already clogged and real criminals are walking free due to delay in prosecution.
That others may be loved more than I, Jesus, grant me the grace to desire it.  That others may be esteemed more than I ... That, in the opinion of the world, others may increase and I may decrease ... That others may be chosen and I set aside ... That others may be praised and I unnoticed ... That others may be preferred to me in everything... That others may become holier than I, provided that I may become as holy as I should…
Yes Gail, at least he tried. Gotta give him that. I grew up on a homestead established and proved on by my grandfather. He was 24 years old in 1902, 15 miles (no roads) from the nearest town. He married my grandmother in 1905 and she lived in a sod house (ever try housekeeping in one?) for 12 years. She was probably ready to kill him by then. At least two out of three homesteads failed in that area. Vlad is brave but dumb. Like a lot of homesteaders are or were.
Actually, I think the author makes a very valid point. Children today should not become slaves to the gender roles society places on them. That can actually do more harm in the long run. I live in a smaller city, where young people drive themselves crazy trying to look and act according to their gender expectations so they are not rejected by their friends. I often wonder how many gay and lesbian youth actually feel pressured into relationships with someone of the opposite gender just so they can fit in with their peers.  I have heard many stories of this happening, and the result is inevitably disastrous, leading to suicide and/or substance abuse down the road.  In 2017, everyone should feel comfortable being themselves, and  I don't think having her son take ballet classes is forcing anything on him, but just showing him that when it comes to life, ones gender should not even be an issue, or an impediment to their interests.
I learned one at the age of 40, and another after retirement. I know others who have done the same.  Go to language schools, and you will find most of the students are either ambitious young professionals in their twenties, or retired people.  The problem is that without practice, you lose it. In North America where the language is English, it is easy to immerse yourself in it, so easy to learn, not so for other languages.  The biggest factor is original level of literacy. Trying to teach a foreign language to people who are barely literate in their own is very difficult.
My fishing fees did not go up? News to me. Since the fees are based on value of the lisence My fees where over 2000$ to the state... how much have you payed the state for your sport licenses?.....
What the photo is showing are not cranes.  LOL!!!  They're aerial lifts.  Elevated work platforms.
Idiot...
Our society has gone insane. It's pretty sad where things have gone because of obsession with identity politics and a culture of grievance.
Why does the UN have a vote on this?  Were they involved in negotiations?  Are the parties involved happy with the deal?  If so, the deal should be accepted as is.
I spilled very hot tea on myself this weekend. But unfortunately it's not legal for my right hand to sue my left hand over the hand-off. Fortunately, however, it didn't melt my clothes.
If you bother to read the actual article (a link was provided by the R-G) your question will obviously be shown to be ignorant.    They, unlike Eugene, have apparently chosen to have their police department actually enforce the law.  An interesting concept.
GREAT ! AMERICA IS SAVED !!! THANK YOU LORD
Hassled by Liberals? From Ms. Huckabee today: "However, Sanders later said that Trump isn't "thrilled" with the private plane use.  Sanders said the White House is conducting an overall review of private charter flights for the administration."
Thank you for a will done and heartfelt post. I hope your run for office someday!
What's interesting is your interpretation of what I wrote, which is a simple to understand if read for what it actually is.   It's the difference between truly listening to what a person is saying, versus not really listening because you are so busy  mentally building an argument against what you think the person is saying.
Xalwine lives!    im'a cutcho penis off bitch. then everyone will know the name of Xalwine. hows that for a credible source.
Everyone liked evil me. This me is a pussy. Fuck compassion.
I'm not against adding some things, but these don't need their own sections. The previous article was too crowded, and had too many topics. I'd suggest also combining Inventions and improvements with the preexisting parts. Yes, he did many things, but it's easier to mention the more important things briefly than to give each a section.
"   Niggers  We need more information in this section regarding the widespread usage of the ""Jew's Harp"" by Nigger Slaves in the Antebellum south,"
@LittlGfunk &#128575;pussy whipped
Current Events Story Hi, I removed the story you posted on Cuurent Events for several reasons:  The story didn't seem to belong on the date where you placed it. If the story was reported in a newspaper dated January 13th, it shouldn't be listed under the January 20th events.  I know this may be an important story in Belize, but (as far as I can tell) only one newspaper is carrying it and there are no hits on Google News. It doesn't appear to be of global importance, which is usually what it takes to be included on Current Events.  The summary was way too long. Two or three sentences is usually the maximum for a summary. If it wasn't for the first two points, I would have attempted to edit the summary instead of deleting.   For now, I'm going to remove the story, but if you can find more sources, please feel free to include a short summary and link on the correct date.  18:44, 20 Jan 2005 (UTC)
I'm not sure where your 30K number comes from, my research shows it to be a third of that.  Either way far less than the number killed as a result of humans using motor vehicles.  Since vehicles aren't constitutionally protected, should we ban all of those?  I think not.  Take away the guns and people will be killed by other people using knives, fertilizer bombs, pressure cooker bombs, bicycles, etc.  People will always die at the hands of other people.  We will NEVER be able to make life 100% safe, so we should collectively stop trying to do the impossible.
you are a sicko
Russian roulette that hoe
"I'm certainly no fan of Obama, but your blatant bigotry will only be counter-productive because it just makes you look like a complete f*cking moron."
So alleged crimes shouldn't be investigated? "Oh, Denis says he's innocent, so he totes didn't do it. This is great chocolate cake!"
Steve Calvin Annis cunt http://t.co/8S0cIl5z
Right! Maybe she's just sick of the Democrats stealing from the working and placing a generation of people on welfare with no end in site, inviting illegals in the country to steal American jobs while also letting terrorist in. Supporting people that step and spit on our flag, just to name a few, just a thought.
Translation:  The committee can't be trusted to blame the people we want to blame regardless of facts.  We need a politically motivated group that will do as we tell them and blame who we tell them.
The only advantage they have is that it's closer to swim home...
Referring to paying customers as guests is gag-making. Particularly as the word guest implies the opposite of paying customer.
Look at that twat with his "shaka" sign. Disgrace.
If u ain't fucking u ain't sucking wat u Doin hoe &#128572;
"  The Castle   You left it alone because you were wrong. Get out of the house better.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 220.253.15.154   "
"How about I sew your as.shole shut and keep feeding you. "
We have:  1. Carbon tax  2. Transit tax (even on our hydro bills)  3. PST  4. GST  5. Fed ( income tax )  6. Prov ( income tax )  7. Gas tax  8. Alcohol tax  9. Taxes on cigarettes  10. Property taxes  11. MSP tax (every month)  12. Airport levies/tax  13. Tolls on bridges that are extremely high  14. Parking fees that are extremely high  15. Rental costs that are *more than 50%* of the average paycheck  ...what else am I missing?  where the hell is the money going? because it isn't going to Canadians and our services. The fraud and mismanagement is unreal.
American law is, by definition, Sharia Law. These idiots are protesting their own country's legal system! I love it.
"Three trees and eighteen shrubs." Haha. This village is being run by idiots.
"   Thank you, I learned something   I learned something from your recent edit to the See also section in Berkeley Software Distribution.  I wondered why you did this.  My first thought was that this couldn't be right. It looked like it was already organized by a reasonable ""order of importance.""  Didn't the people who wrote that section know what they were doing?  Then I noticed you do a lot of these and if you were wrong that often, you'd be in a lot of trouble.  So that did prompt me to go find the rule and to take a closer look at a couple other See Also lists that weren't right.  So I want to thank you for that.  I learned something, which right away makes for a good day.  But I also have a suggestion, which is that linking to that rule in your edit remark.  You do so many, it's what (in another life) people call ""a teachable moment"" for us newbies.  Cheers, and thanks!    "
I don't know, Clear Thinker COULD be in the running ...
"   Hey donkey   Hey donkey, your Dad is coming.  — Preceding unsigned comment added by 117.196.229.56      Enjoying the creepy messages?   Enjoying all these creepy messages son?  — Preceding unsigned comment added by 117.196.229.56   "
"LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO @bb_brooks: If your pussy is good but my mama don&#8217;t like you? Guess who gotta go&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;..my mama."
"It's only all about him all the time, because it's a 24/7 media bash fest." . Translation: Donnie is a snowflake, because, you know, no president has ever been criticized before.
Hiya Toots   Although your picture is gone I still cannot get your ugly face out of my head. Love Wickzilla.
The Heritage Foundation...   That is the think tank that developed a health insurance program that Mitt Romney used successfully when he was Governor of Massachusetts from 2003 - 2007.  That health insurance program worked well.  President Obama observed that and applied the Heritage Foundation health insurance program nationally, with the potential that it would work just as well.   It would have, but for the ill will directed to its implementation and use by the Republican Senate and House.  By solving systemic problems such as out of control insurance companies applying untoward rate increases and fragmented and uneven application between states, it could be fixed so that its promise would be fulfilled and function just as well as it did in Massachusetts under Mitt Romney.  Let's consult the Heritage Foundation and take it from them about how to fix the application of their health insurance program so that it will work nationally.  Why scrap a good Republican program.
"The attorney general's office investigated and found out that Hirschman had posted the ad, according to spokesman Jeff Manning.  "Mr. Hirschman gave a full confession," Manning wrote in an email. "He stated in his interview and at trial that he is an Internet 'troll' and that he posted the ad to 'agitate' and cause a stir." "  Well, he succeeded....It's important to acknowledge, however, that his actions were not a legitimate effort to impact the electoral system.... stupid, yes....a threat to democracy, no.  Gary Crum
One would think the simple fact that Pepsi was allowing itself to be promoted by a useless individual like Kendall Jenner would have been sufficient  to cause the uproar.  Guess I'll be drinking Coca-Cola this summer.
"Please don't you are an idiot"
Disagreement is condescension? I have to disagree. This writer wants Ann Coulter to speak at Berkeley so that she and others would have a chance to counter Coulter's arguments. That's free speech and the right to disagree, which you take for granted with your 2nd Amendment stance. Condescension would be telling Ann Coulter that she's stupid, rather than countering her arguments.
UH Manoa, Punahou, Midpac, Maryknoll do not need metro service all day long and not during the summer when they are on vacation The Ala Moana metro hub station would allow the metro riders to transfer to bus, shuttles or local bus routes to those schools and UH, and also make connections via bus, shuttles, and taxis into Waikiki, allowing tourists to inexpensively get to and from the airport.
Wow, check out the censorship here.  Seems that they dish it out, but certainly cannot take it.  No need to engage with petrofascist hillbillies here anymore.  Keep depleting your water and burning your own Province down... that seems sustainable.  There's no fixing stupid.
He makes them because he knows his base is stupid and doesn't think he's lying to them, just everyone else.
This is the second terrorist bomb to be set off in Manchester in recent years. If memory serves, the last one was set off by Catholics.
On-the-money commentary and insights, with shades of Easton Ellis and Robbins to deliver undertones of comic disgust. The gravity of the matter aside, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this
has a massive stick wedged firmly in his gaping ass crack and it's making him a little bit cranky
You know, it is quite telling that the big news on this veto list is the Governors action on the aquatic life bill. Meanwhile he did sign the GEMS bill that now put more debt on the shoulders of Hawaii residents for cooling classrooms - a point made last year when the GEMS idea was killed off and a direct $100 million outlay made to pay for these cooling modifications.   Or the fact that he did sign a bill that increased the fines on ethics violations.
@kieffer_jason bitch that says traffic stop bitch stop making excuses
Another term for a useless idiot. Thx Obama...and thx Frank da bank....or Frank da sperm bank.
It is not that one fails but how one gets back up.  And the Leafs got back up well with this evening's game against Tampa Bay.  Solid game up and down the line up.  Matthews held off the scoreboard again.  Is this concerning?  Clearly, you want points from your top centre but his defensive play remains tight.  I suspect this drought will end soon, just as it did earlier in the season.  Andersen was sharp in his shutout.  I'm sure the Trump Trolls will come up with something negative about this performance.   Of course, doing so would only reinforce their reputation as Trump Trolls....
Another pin head celebrity who speaks without knowing the facts......just plain IGNORANCE which permeates all these so-called has been celebrities.........
Fiber communication always uses laser,  Fibre also use LED's which are not lasers.
Are you serious? Any thought, suggestion, or inference that The Denver Post, its journalists, or - especially - its editorial board are "Republican," "Conservative," "Right-wing," or "Christian" is delirious, ludicrous, and just doesn't make any sense.....given the editorials that have been printed for many, many years, if not decades, along with its endorsements during all that time. - If the editorial board at The Denver Post found some things - some things - in this "revision of a revision of a revision" of the GOP tax plan that they like.....and said so....and defended....then that is to their credit.
Jays were 68-69 after 30 April, not bad and if they had been  a little closer in August could have made a push for a wild card.
Yet another payout due to police acting like idiots and lying about it.
And Scandinavian people are among the happiest in the world.  Yes, they pay a lot n taxes, but they know they will get more than their money's worth, and are satisfied with the system.  They are also better educated and healthier than Americans.  But there are those who would insist they shouldn't have all those benefits.
Dream on.
Hurricane Irma Just Became the Strongest Hurricane on Record in the Atlantic Basin  What kind of idiot says there's nothing to see?
Someguy1221 is an asshole, and I hope he knows it.
@TheRealCVL and @CoryHolmes24 are faggots. Kbye.
@Alejandro_Bihhh @CapoDaAssHole lol cause these hoes love me
The Speech was civil and that alone was appreciated by many; however, that goodwill lasted less than a week because as of this morning we are back in asylum with the patients in charge.
Very Shameful. They should be prosecuted in China and if convicted should be punished there. These Ball kids are good basketball players and like their father they are arrogant and ignorant.
Any idiot could compromise their ethics and choose one of these two.  Heck, I could, if I wanted to be so lazy to do so.  The intelligent people see past the bread crumbs that are thrown at the mass of ignorants and understand really what this country needs.
And the forum fool is back trolling.
@haylgroot ......bitch &#128530; yeah it was me.. Caught me red handed, sorry @jennholly
Usually this column is a space for monotonous griping about imagined white male patriarchal privilege.  Is the authoress under the weather today?
In other words, a life long well paid propagandist for the oil monopoly starting with Bechtel, the largest recipient of government contracts starting with Vietnam War, and expanding into the White House with its former management agents George Schultz and Casper Weinberger.  Thanks to its government feeding frenzy for decades, it is now the largest construction company in the world operating as a virtual monopoly for government contracting at all levels.  This author sold out early as one of the recipients of golden compensation from the invaders of Alaska.  Now, all of the current residents have to pony up to fix the system run as a oil monopoly controlling government and economy.  Now, the same miscreants invaded North Dakota with the same result of an overthrow of the governing process.  Time for a Revolution.
"Some of the comments I read here are so-so lame.  White people just want the world to be so fair now.  But over the course of their hundreds and hundreds of years of opression, death and fear it was ok.  American White people hung people cut off their private parts and took pictures with their kids and family around these dead bodies singing in the wind (a truly sick mind state; your kids). They created tricks and illegal laws and rules to get ahead in America for hundreds of years; they raped and killed destorying families and now because a person makes a choice to go to all black school where a teacher ca see a black student for themselves, or gets a interview when a white doesn't its reverse racism. WHITE PEOPLE until you lived another's history stop crying and get off your high horse!"
Well, then. Obama should do the bare minimum to assist Trump, correct? Instead, he's already spent more time with your idiot than most president-elects get.
Maybe this a$$hat can hook up with rosalyn clueless, our very special anchorage driver of the day. What a cute couple these two idiots would make.
No parking in Lanikai no being able to go to beach unless walk forever: All a symptom of darn overpopulation. When will even the most block-headed person see that population growth sucks and further immigration is bad for us ?
I share your affection, I have a daughter that was born there and spent almost 20 yrs maintaining the building next door. Sadly, in our climate of freeze and thaw, coupled with less than ideal concrete mixes, our buildings of that era suffer. Alaska was a frontier, need trumped cost, today, it's all about the dollar and we don't have any more land sitting empty.  The rebuild of the old Chevron building down the street was millions over budget and thankfully it was a private deep pocket that saw it through. The public will never know what went on behind closed doors on that one.  If that had been a guberment thing, we'd have another LIO and the folks here would be beside themselves banging out posts. It's a different world than it was in the land of the last frontier.
yo   what is your problem, motherucker?
they are not happy about private retailers selling stuff but now are ok with a strike which will only push more people to be happy there are private sellers selling more stuff! AND they cant see this for what it is!  What a bunch these public sector losers are. already the highest paid retail clerks in ontario but not good enough! take a hike
Agree. Soros is a cancer.
Y'all need to calm down.
you're getting goofy again Vic.
Greed and stupidity on the part of the boat owners.
Women want a Best Man Holiday type of nigga meanwhile you have mad THOT pics on ya gram talking about "this could be us" bitch die
Your position is that of an expert I presume? I noticed you only used the "learners" definition probably because that one is most inline with your own opinion. Let's get something straight, you are not my teacher and I didn't ask for a lesson on the english language so maybe you can spend time in blogs that specifically provide a forum with like minded people.When I choose to comment on the articles I do it because I can; I'm not looking to debate or defend my position which you have clearly pushed for. Very arrogant of you to attempt to  "teach" others and then recoil at their responses stating, "you don't care what others think". Sounds like you have a bit of a complex. Find a new direction, maybe one that is uplifting  and positive instead of giving lessons on word usage. BTW, your swastika emoji statement is by far one of the most immature comments to date.
"I love all people", but they had better think just like me or I will damn them to hell . . .  Sounds pretty Christian to me.
@MattHomeTeam - you know what you did you faggot. There are literally thousands of people that have you on their radar homo
"Lol Defends sounds better, you asshole"
Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !
Dang, and the world peace lord, Nobel prize winner B. Obama, has created a peaceful/nontoxic world political environment for Trump.  NOT
“We will draw our team from across the Bell Pottinger Group. Darren Murphy (Tony Blair’s political adviser)", etc. Tony Blair fed the world the nonsense about Irak so that they could get rid of Saddam selling oil in Euros instead of US$. Could have easily been this same group running in the back ground. Shows you what money can buy and how countries are stolen and destroyed. Divide and concur, so British.
I am not a union supporter and I used to think the same but in Ontario that  is not the case where most are contract workers without benefits and have literally been that for years
Well past Presidents reactions to North Korea sure worked well.
Nam as up to six children. Some of this 4th generation are touted as sucessors to the current leader in North Koreas Game of Thrones.
I'm just piecing it together myself out of curiosity. I'm more than OK with waiting for the facts to pass judgement. This is idle speculation.
Yeah, won a Stanley Cup, 2.08 GAA, .923 save % last season, a pure fluke.  Fleury, career .912 save %, did win a SC, with a save % of .908, 2.61 GAA, 10 quality starts out of 24 games in the playoffs that year.  Heck of a body of work Fleury has, since you brought it up.....  No thanks, I'll take Murray.
Oregon is in big trouble. Already liberal Democrats have forced bad energy bills on all Oregonians that will raise electricity costs and gas prices. The new minimum wage will cause job losses and worse, a reduction in hours for the very people who need the money. One business estimated their yearly costs would increase by $1.2 Million dollars and they are planning to reduce hours on 300 employees.  Liberals continue to lie and tell you this is all free as someone else will pay the bill. Just as they said Obamacare would be better and yet costs are spiraling out of control and low income people cannot afford the high deductibles. When Brown and Kotek tell you this new bill will not hurt hang on.
I gather that that these refugees already have friends and relations who have been living in Canada for a decade or more.  Armenian Christians have assimilated well in Canada and presumably the newcomers will do so as well.  Judging by the numbers quoted, there are not the large families which have been problematic in some cases.
"FUCK U LA!!! NABEY!!!!! U BO LANGCHIAO!!!! MOTHER FUCKING BITCH!!!! U TELL SUPER JUNIOR UNTIL LIKE THAT??? U JUST SOOO JEALOUS OF THEM LA!!!! WTH!!!! U ARE A MOTHER FUCKING BITCH DO U KNOW THAT??? U JUST BEING A RACIST HUMA-... NO MONSTER WITH NO HEART!!! WTH!!! SAYING RYEOWOOK'S VOICE IS NOT NICE ??? UR FUCKING VOICE IS SOOO RUSTY LA!!!!! FUCKER!!!! GO EAT SHIT LA!!!U ARE WORST THEN FATS!!!!"
He does care, but we have to care about HIM. As for intervening, we thought and demanded a human ruler and to rule and answer to ourselves instead of listening and answering to Him, so we see that major malfunction of an experiment gone wrong of self rule. Bunch of idiots chasing their ignorant tails.
How can you break a law that isn't really a law?
Keep drinking that Kool Aid. Will you have the same opinion when someone isnt paying you to have it?
Geez, do all banks cause the self-loathing you are experiencing or is it just BMO?
Conspiracy against the united states. I suppose that has to do with someone....  Thanks for proving mutt point though.
"Another sad one who still hasn't come to terms with the fact that Clinton lost. It's time to get right with the truth." How is Clinton relevant to my comment? I've completely accepted Donald's victory...simple proof that there are a sizable number of truly stupid Americans who think "MAGA!" is a political philosophy.
" Welcome!  Hello, , and welcome to Wikipedia! Thank you for your contributions. I hope you like the place and decide to stay. Here are some pages that you might find helpful: The five pillars of Wikipedia How to edit a page Help pages Tutorial How to write a great article Manual of Style I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian! Please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date. If you need help, check out Wikipedia:Questions, ask me on my talk page, or ask your question and then place {{helpme}} after the question on your talk page. Again, welcome! .   Stop Creating Advertisements Please stop creating advertisements on Wikipedia. Your articles have been deleted. If you continue creating the pages, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  "
I'll be glad when Ohio Dan is out of office. Lisa at least is a moderate, and follows her heart on a few things. Dan? Not so much. He votes the way he is told to vote.
&#128114;&#128069;&#128166;&#128149; - &#128514;&#128557; omg just thinccin of you makes me laugh, we use to STAY talking shit in 3rd period, you cute, &amp; you my bitch &#9994;&#128514;&#128557;
Unfortunately the cast of characters in the right wings is of dubious quality.  This would be in all arenas.    In Ontario we have a deceitful premier who can't figure out if she is left or right,  a low performer on the right and a left wing leader so incompetent that when she forced the last election it took her 2 weeks to hire buses and get signs painted.  How she did not get replace is beyond me.    No leaders anywhere and certainly no one who knows how economies work or that you need good jobs.   They all think that the most important work is getting some trade deal with some third world backwater that could never buy anything we make anyway.  We have no leaders.  So sad.
So this gay Islamic terrorist attacks a Florida gay nightclub.. No wonder the left is blaming this on the guns.
Ohhh Donald. This asshat doesn't give a flying shit about anyone else! He thinks it's hilarious to pepper spray random people. You don't know what kind of serious medical reaction that could cause someone. He doesn't care about harming other people and frankly, I don't give a damn about him! You sound like the people that say why did you have to shoot the intruder that broke into your home? Well, if they didn't break into the home it wouldn't be an issue. You think that because he is using pepper spray now he won't escalate? He is getting a taste for harming people for his own enjoyment, I think it's only time before he ups his game. I won't lose a wink of sleep over this loser, in fact, I will sleep much better if someone takes him out. Much, much better.
And sometimes the bears take the initiative to "cure" the stupid out of the human population.
Proof of what?  The Villa in France? The corporately held Cottage? Try reading the paper for a change.  C.
Good lord! DNA doesn't lie. Lock his ass up and cut his crime partner off from between his legs!
And the "common thought" is "I believe" - at least until the 1973 translation decided that I would confess what you might believe.
Word up doe! GM RT @shik702 Good morning....it's a celebration bitches!
The Washington Business Alliance is a nonprofit. I hope that doesn’t count and that the Port isn’t giving them money.   It would be questionable because McAleer draws a salary and benefits from the Washington Business Alliance.
This from that intellectual heavy weight know as Bevis, with his mentor Butt head. Oh ya great for Canada
N I'm so tired of hearing *he wouldn't do it for u * ol bitch he wouldn't have too my people dont play on my end
RT @lilduval: Why black women say "I'm gon get me a white man" like white guys not dogging bitches too. Y'all so dumb
That's probably why he's not delivering pizzas trying to pay off $100.000 in delinquent student loans like the other Bernie snowflakes...
With Trump we get Right to Work laws and an end to the Davis Bacon law.  He will stack the USSC to insure this with Pence at his side.  Already Pence's state, Indiana, has right to work laws.  Without Davis Bacon nonunion companies will bring in out of state help that will work on federal projects while working for substandard and unlivable wages.  They will put many hard working union Alaskans out of work and into poverty.  If this is what you want for Alaska vote for Trump!
Yes.  Nothing at all for the Australian Women.  Something not right there. Trigger happy cops.  All so very sad.
LW1: Hopefully you've learned your lesson about posting very personal stuff online.
Is this guy for real?  Did he actually say that with a straight face?  Does he honestly think Canadians are stupid enough to believe this bullshit?
Trudeau and the Liberal Party are vacuous hypocrites.
Wow Charlie Trump is a bumbling lunatic and embarrassment of monumental proportions to the entire planet.  You are severely misguided to an unbelievable degree.  Amazing how you and the other 30% will keep defending the utter stupidity and racist lies of this bumbler.  Trump is pathetic and every day is worse than the last. I'm truly amazed he's still alive. But hey, so much winning, right?..........
I hate Muslim terrorists and the psychotic Muslims in ISIS. Is that allowed in your politically correct version of reality?
I see you have a very narrow definition of abuse. Oh come now! You seem to me the kind of chick who has messed with a mind or two. That is abuse too darlin.
"  I would like to add that C.H. Douglas and the Social Credit movement be added to this list.  Major Douglas gave testimonies before the Select Standing Committee on Banking and Commerce (1923), The MacMillan Committee on Finance and Industry (which includes exchanges between Douglas and J.M. Keynes), and the Alberta Agricultural Commission.  Douglas did understand how capital requirements work, and was quite critical of the gold standard, and totally dismissivie of those who advocate ""full reserve"" or ""100% reserve"" banking.  The article on Social Credit has been re-written.  "
" I've removed the Indic scripts on both articles, and will leave Eshwar.om a comment regarding the use of the word ""vandalism"".   "
fuck the consensus u r a fag
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
I suppose if Trump actually succeeds - all the left wingers will look like idiots. Isn't that what is really at stake here?
The introduction of the  Northern Peso will cure all these nasty problems with the country  to which we  ship 70% of our exports. If not,  a  crying tantrum and walkout from NAFTA negotiations is the next best tactic. CBC infomercial to  follow.
"You my friend are delusional."
Suggest a long term wealth forecasting approach. One low cost but effective solution is the software developed by Strategic Capital Finance.
You are a bald faced, shameless, pathetic LIAR. I'd be surprised if you ARE NOT part-time, ethically absent HNL mayor Crapwell...
no reason to doubt china?? HA HA HA HA what an idiot you are, get into reality
Moe, Hillary is not part of Trump's alleged administration. One day, you may....may figure that out. Then again, you've shown no inkling of it so far.  Now, onto the present. If Trump wants to remain in office, he must follow the Constitution he swore to uphold. If money is more important to him, well, he shouldn't let the door hit him on the way out.
Sex in public restroom and rape are already against the law. Perhaps the minnerites have a self control problem and we need protection from them.
Kevin O'leary!! Kick some A**
Look bitch .. Go and suck a dick I'm a real street nicca I ain't wit Dat sucka shit!!
Washington Post interactive database of Trump lies: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-claims-database/?
Slut ass queen bee bitch.
What a ridiculous comment.  Who would flip out besides you?
Thanks for such an inspiring and motivational article about this amazing athlete.
"And your word sure the fuck does not a mandate make.\n\n90% of your genes are shared with a fucking banana.\xa0 Get over yourself."
RT @Sassymermaidxo: &#8220;@VSamone: &#8220;@ZvckSlvt3r704: My sister shittin on you hos once again "@VSamone: wodeh bout dat action http://t.co/mDfLBr&#8230;
Your post is remarkably contradictory. You're concerned about the side effects of addiction - "These addicts steal from us during the day, rob our houses and cars at night and then spend endless amounts of resources in the court system" - then are unhappy about a solution that removes the incentive to commit these crimes. With all respect I think you need to think this through...
1) They don't picket IVF clinics because they don't all believe life begins at conception. You're peddling a straw argument.  2) They don't believe its okay, whether for profit or not. You are the one who thinks it's okay, whether for profit or not.  3) Using tax money to fund research into promoting conception, rather than killing babies, is hardly controversial.  4) Just because you deny that there's any moral high ground to be had, does not mean that the "argument vanishes into rank hypocrisy":..it only means that you've deluded yourself of your own brilliance. You guys do that a lot.   No matter how much in denial you are, you cannot change 2 facts:  1) at some point, a fetus ceases to be a "tissue mass" and actually becomes a living human being; at which point they have human rights. We can - and should - argue about when that point is, because it is central to the morality of the issue.  2) you don't get to choose when that is for your own political convenience.
They certainly care more than silver-spoonfed Trump or his Billionaire cabinet! What  a blinkered, partisan comment by a cartoonist!
==U R GAY==   FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUC
No.  You are talking/joking apples and oranges.    Men who seek ordination knowing women are being rejected due to sexism to obtain the same opportunity are supporting the hatred of women.    People who are allergic to peanuts should reject the peanuts for their own health.  Fact is the bodies that have the allergies are rejecting the peanut consumption - not the other way around.    No one is saying people should not watch the NFL because women are not capable of playing football at that level without getting killed trying.  However, if there were positions in the NFL that women were physically capable of competing with men in and they were not being allowed to compete for those positions then it would be proper to boycott Football until the sexist rules are changed.    It isn't sexism to not offer opportunities that a gender can't perform.  Men won't be hired for wet nursing for this reason.  There is nothing priests or deacons do however that women can't perform so this is sexism.
A good sailor knows a sinking ship when he sees one.
You crazy fascists, you really know where the party's at, eh? 94.192.243.100
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Stop believing fake news and GOP lies about ACA. You repeating blatant propaganda about ACA makes you look stupid.
Nenshi won because of the arrogance & stupidity of the NHL.   The NHL's efforts to make a new Flames arena an election issue blew up in their face.
Idiot
Actually the headline is accurate as the Muslim students were caught citing hate speech prayers.
Simmons has been great. It's not him that has been the weak link. It's Stewart, who is playing T.J.'s position. Simmons has actually been an upgrade over Stewart at FS from last year.
I am not going to call anyone stupid or idiotic but.........hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!! DP where do you find this stuff, unbelievable.
@kimcampano &#128553;&#128557;&#128557; bitches needa take notes
"  ""Delited""? So I take it you're just an illiterate dumbass, then? Well anyway, what exactly was I advertising? I didn't link to anything. I changed ""California"" to ""Californication"" as a social statement. Not that I expect you to understand it. Hell, you can't seem to spell ""deleted"" correctly, and judging by your other conversations, your literacy track record isn't all too great on many occasions..."
Fuck off   see my page for more of my comments on your work
As a judge in non-jury trials, Mr. Johnstone had to reconcile the three arguments: his side, her side, and the truth. He now playing the role he witnessed many times: forcefully asserting that his interpretation of (some of) the facts is correct.  Here's where he's correct: the commercial preference for Upper Cook Inlet is obsolete. Dipnetters and sport anglers are legitimate user groups, and they're here to stay. Efforts to restrict their harvest by maintaining a commercial priority serves mainly to energize the forces that want to eliminate commercial fishing altogether.  Here's where he's wrong: the studies he sites present a false paradigm: sport (his side) or commercial (her side). They were in response to commercial assertions of economic superiority years ago. The truth lies somewhere in the middle: the economic sum of both exceeds the value of either. Commercial allocation will certainly be decreased, but eliminating the fishery takes needed dollars out of the economy.
When these first time home buyers go bankrupt, I hope the realize they were volunteers, not victims.  Just so they don't ask to get bailed out again...
What in the world does it mean to "practice" homosexuality? There was a cartoon with the caption "A practicing Catholic, and an observant Jew," showing a Catholic priest seated at a piano, playing it, while a Hasidic Jew stood a couple of feet behind him, looking at him as he played. But a sexual orientation is not like either a religion or a musical instrument. True, there are some gay wags who say they love practicing their homosexuality, because "practice makes perfect," but that's something else.  What the objection of conservative Christian authorities to "the practice of homosexuality" sounds like is no less than that they wish all LGBTQI people would stay secure and gagged in their closets, forever. These are the same people who at other times would say they give praise to God the Creator for all his creatures. Fools. Hypocrites.
Why are you going to ban me? I was trying to improve Wikipedia! By the way, the use of hopefully in the article is not correct. Obviously I enjoyed more education than you. No offense. 76.178.252.151
Yep, keep calling the people who voted him into office morons and idiots, then act all surprised when no one shows up when you are begging for money and votes.
Stop getting my hopes up
" Using the North Slope gas reserves to help extract the some of the 20 to 30 billion barrels of heavy oil is another way forward."    WE tried that. Recycling the gas and carbon dioxide into Prudhoe. It got us here and now.. decision time.  We cannot keep our vast gas reserves stranded any longer if it continues to deny natural gas from the future export market and for infrastructure development, sales, and businesses here in Alaska. And not if the costs continue to be socialized with cash subsidies and credits in BS21, for doing what they are supposed to do anyway under lease law. while the profits are privatized, and the sate continues to give our oil away.  No thanks.
Mary Pat...Trump is NOT a mature adult....and yes it's really pathetic that he has to be flattered et al.....a spoiled child is more like it  A very very dangerous small child.
Crawl back in your hole you disgusting pathetic wretch.
Lots of us in the 416 drive to work because we live in areas far from a subway.  My trip is 75 minutes by TTC each way.  My drive in is about half that.  Forty percent of the people who drive on these highways live in Toronto and pay property taxes and gas taxes to support the roads and the TTC.
I don't get the idea that Don is complaining to LW about how his father uses him. Rather, I think she's the one who interjects herself into it because she's "tired of seeing him used." Why is she involving herself in finding (more) cars for Sr. to wreck, especially when Sr. isn't interested in her "help." If this relationship progresses LW just needs to make sure her own assests are covered.
State wildlife agencies are not controlled in a democratic manner and their boards or commissions do not represent their states' population either by gender or race or attitude toward wildlife. If you are not part of the good old boys, your opinion does not count, even if it is majority opinion. The anti-democratic nature of these agencies must be challenged in order to have good wildlife policy. The racial dimension is just one aspect of the problem.
RT @Janasiaaa: shouldn't be at the club RT @PacDaGoat: I done been in the club and saw bitches reject a dance because they had a man. As &#8230;
No one ever suggested all people have a gun on them at all times.   Put away your strawman.
@kincade00 @mistaturk5 lmaooo just call my phone if you want them birds *Migos Voice*
Wynne will probably require protective services for the rest of her life, as will quite a few others in that Ontario Liberal party including Dalton McGuinty.   I'd like to know what the current 24 hour protective services by the OPP are costing the Ontario Taxpayers?   By the sounds of it, it would have simply been better to have stronger recall legislation, this current government has violated its right to govern under the statute of Westminster (Peace, Order, Responsible Government)  and as such should have been recalled years ago. What a back-woods nation Canada and the province of Ontario is to its citizens and net taxpayers through its one-sided laws (laws that favour the crown).  Anyway, I'm certain this won't be the last of the law suits against Kathleen Wynne, The Liberal Party of Ontario, or any of its current or former members.
Please change the name back to the Anchorage Daily News.  Alaska Dispatch News is a stupid name.
" I wouldn't be surprised if they already have them."   Good point! Given Trump's penchant for rage and vengeance against anyone he believes slighted him in even the tiniest possible way, it would be surprising if there weren't people already eager to leak his information.
Donald Trump runs his Administration like a Mafiso. Pathetic!
But they still accept family-based immigration.
"But I think that last week was a good show of unity by the NFL and hopefully this week we can move forward.”  Too late, there's no going back. Politics taints everything these days and this game is just not the same anymore.
The headline made me hope it was about Trump, but no, just more of Caldara's gibberish and nonsense.
I would have jumped his demon ass and beat the crap out of him if he had one of my cats.
Thank god.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2009/may/27/judicial-confirmation-network/Sotomayor-comment-Latina-women-versus-white-men/     Here's the full speech by Sotomayor, not the six second versions (which I found verbatim in a number of post, also without context, also on clearly conservative sites).  Beyond this you have to wonder how many women and persons of color have been judged by white males?    How do you or Out blast away a gay judge in Oregon, when straight judges in Oregon have been judging gay men an women through Oregon's past.  How may women have been subject to rules made by men in the courts and in the legislature.  You took the short clip from another meme that is circulating among far right conservative.   Nothing new, the quote is over 5 years old.  Not once did she say a white male judge should be disqualified, she was defending her own life experience and rightfully says that in a large panel of judges, diversity will be a benefit.
You know   You're really crushing me! 173.97.227.106
Does that vile piece of garbage really look like a hypocrite? you betcha!!!
Life ain't shit but bitches &amp; money
I'm not sure if you're new to Wikipedia, one of the rules is that you should always be civil.  Sarcasm is not acceptable.  []
I stopped reading once I realized it was a Cataluna article.  Lee, just because somebody calls out her attire doesn't make them a "self-described" fan or a "supposed" fan.  You mad bro?  Your articles of late are really starting to irk some of us locals.
I will bike out to Laie to share my last minutes with palani in lovely Laie!
I can neva count my stash cause I always lose count. I can neva keep no bitch cuz I put them hoes out
PS...review your comment to Joan.  "He is saying to them, "Go away. The Catholic Church in Springfield rejects you." Is that a Christian thing to do?" Yet - you tell me to go away...among other really nasty things.  Disgraceful and rather childish, John. And so typical of you.
@ImToBlame although I will concede that bitch bought into the "funnel bitches to Dwight #NoPedo" tho.
' It's a feature,  not a bug.
OCCG, While theres some truth in what you say, you're missing one of the biggest components of what it means to be a human, and to be a Christian.  One need not have experienced war "on the front" to appreciate and learn from those who have.  There are TWO really big pieces that create the bridge that allows us to be human.  The first is that we listen and learn from others.  The second, is that if we've not personally had the experience, even as we learn, we still hold those who HAVE had that experience with deference FOR that experience/wisdom.  Yes, i know that a formal education is a means to share some of that experience, and to become an "expert."  But all it can do is share the experience: not the wisdom, nor respect.  THIS is where the bishops got in trouble.  No, they did not need to be married, but they categorically rejected the counsel of those who WERE married, and disrespect them by continuing to refuse their wisdom.  The doc on MASH was empathetic.  At least he tried.
&#8220;@mckinley719: @vintagebeezy15 luhv u tioo!a!!!&#161;&#9829;&#9829;&#8221; drunk bitch lol
Just so I know -   Should we do nothing as Assad gasses men,women, and children?
How much time do you need? 100 years?
Yes, a nice simple solution.  However, why should the academic community have to accommodate bigotry?  Would we have said the same sort of thing in the 1950s when too many hotels and conference facilities would bar Jews, Blacks, etc? Would our answer have been that if a conference wanted to include such people then they bloody well should hunt around for some facility that would accommodate them and, meanwhile, stop complaining?
Refugees , asylum seekers and Muslim immigrants flee Muslim countries and try and turn western countries into a Muslim country. Muslims have major problems with their religion and culture . If Muslims will not change ,I do not accept them.
All I ever hear is how rates are going up and all I ever see is rates going down.....
Thank you, Joe, for sharing your story.  I hope you have the time, strength and desire to share more with us.  Death IS a part of life and it seems to me you are facing it with peace and equanimity.  Your openness and views may help others [I hope] to recognize and even celebrate this time of one's life as a time to reflect and share time with loved ones.
Which one you talking about? Both?
The reality is that there is only one political party in charge of congress. That one party has majority in both houses and therefore all committees. Decades ago the two parties sometimes worked together for the good of the country, but we all see that's not the case anymore, as bipartisan patriotism has been flushed out. They who control the votes make the rules. With power comes responsibility.  Who do they work for? Who do they care about?
Not a surprise. So when will our elected officials start to see that this lack of competitiveness and negative business environment s actually a big o\problem for our state.
Both.
Fighting on the Internet is like competing in the special Olympics, even if you win, you're still retarded.
What an absolute load of horseshit!
Hard copy readers aren't whinging.  Besides, Erica provided the most important information. She answered the question of what, who, when, where, and how.  She even went the extra mile and relayed the message that Don, Lisa and Dan don't care to see you. .
I don't know if you know this guy personally because it seems like there is something personal about this to you, but being labeled a felon is very serious and follows you your entire life with no way to ever make it go away. What he did was VERY stupid but I don't think that sexting with someone is worth prison time, shunning from your family, needing to inform your neighbors you are a sex offender and the inability to find a job. Part of the problem with 18 year olds being in high school with 14 year olds is the likliehood that this will occur, and it does all the time without being reported. It's easy to delete messages and make someone look in the wrong and generally speaking the girl is believed above the guy because no one wants to make it seem they don't think rape or coercion is a big deal. I would be willing to bet there was something mutual going on here. You do not get a persons phone number and send them messages like that without some idea that they will be reciprocated.
her problem
And the reason they brought the drugs down there is because..... There are plenty of idiots who are willing to blow their paychecks on it.
Aloha bitches! 27 minutes before I caught a 32ft #greatwhite #okaysomaybeimlying #butiwasfishing http://t.co/N86Ew3zhep
There's a difference between tenuous and none. What an idiotic column.
TDM.. as usual cant debate against facts, proving his stupidity over and over
O'Leary would be a great choice for the PC leadership. He's ignorant, loud, and would likely shutter the party forever. O'Leary shut down by Chris Hedges: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAhHPIuTQ5k
podad,  While I'm convinced by the evidence currently available that human reliance on fossil fuels (and other measures that release CO2 or destroy nature's capacity to capture CO2) has significantly intensified and accelerated climate change in a dangerous way, I also believe that the transition away from fossil fuels will be long and arduous and that trying to quit cold turkey would be counterproductive,  Politically unpopular though it may be, the answer, I believe, is to both continue to develop and use current technologies, power sources, etc. (but under increasingly stringent environmental controls and reduced public subsidization) while vigorously promoting greater use and development of alternative fuels and carbon capture technology.  A well designed revenue neutral carbon tax program with a legislated schedule of steep increases in tax rates logically is at the heart of such a balanced policy.
So tell us roldrik, which nipple are you sucking your 'news' from?
Repeal SB 21, replace it with something that makes sense for Alaska's future with no corporate welfare, quit funding Mega projects,  quit the stupid LIO business, and vote all these idiots out of office.  Problem solved!
I find it hard to understand why the Republicans would want to cut Medicaid by $1.18 Trillion-- knowing how many millions of people depend on it. In particular how many elderly americans pay for care homes because of it. How many crtitically ill people-- including children will die without the expensive care their families can only afford under Medicaid. Why do that? It is not saving money and cutting the Federal Deficit because of the tax cuts for top bracket tax payers (middle class is not included) will take almost all of the money "saved" by cutting Medicaid. Of the $1.18 Trillion, only $321 Billion will be left after the tax cuts. Do they really think that this will take care of more people than Obamacare and Medicaid? Or cut premiums when the CBO says premiums will increase by 20-50% for many americans. Why do this? Do they plan another Obamacare-like program later?
Flake is a plagiarist and a hypocrite. Ask Brett Bozell
LifeoftheLay, Your misapplication of the idea of supernatural responsibility is one method that  numeraries and others are kept in the prison of Opus Dei.  It's one of the many forms of spiritual abuse that needs to be called for what it is...and it needs to stop!
RT @TheGoogleFactz: Cheating and having hoes gets old. Everyone should want to reach a point where they're mature enough to stay faithful &amp;&#8230;
"  ""Administrators are Elitist Bastards: I don't care what anyone says, the vast majority of administrators are pompous overbearing control freaks. They run around with this attitude that having +sysop is some sort of right, priviledge, or a permission to bully, harras and generally act like a dick, thinking they can get away with it. There IS a cabal, and it makes sneaky back-door decisions such as deletions, vote stacking, blocks, trying to force editors into 3RR, page protections, et cetera almost daily.""  It would seem I'm not the only person that thinks most admins are total Fuckwits with an attitude problem. I have been blocked for no reason whatsoever because some dickhead feels he can abuse his power.  "
I ain't Neva care what ah bitch had to say bout me
I don't understand your point.  Since men are sexual predators, and this is a known and understood fact, then it follows that there is a responsibility of the hunted, as it were, to protect herself and not do things to provoke the predator.  No matter how our culture has tried to repress men's sex drives, there are limits to its effectiveness.  We're still animals.
Don't go getting cheeky.
'The case against the rebels is poor' says the interviewer, 'I fully agree' says sellstrom , o.k.? shill, and then he elaborates. You, darouet, - fucking useless pro-Putin Russian shills. Fuck off and stop using wikipedia for your Putin-Fascist aims.
Interesting to note that Trump's adult children spoke on their fathers behalf but missing is what another wealthy family in this nation had whose son had become president, family closeness, warmth and spending quality time just hanging out with each other in their Kennedy family compound in Hyannis Port, MA. sailing and playing touch football. The Trumps theme is work and more work and it will bring you success and more material things.
James is just being his impish self.
I am not aware of that precedent; please give the case citation.
What a bunch of geniuses the religious right are. These intellectual giants believe regression is the road to greatness. Undereducated, unintelligent, bible thumping zealots, not much different in ideology than the Koran reciting, bearded fools we've been at war with for the last decade and a half. Ironic, isn't it?
The language itself , though , is nowhere near that .
You have a good strategy or plan.  Some guys are not so smart as you & only want to date / marry low income women.  What happens if you marry a high income woman & then she tells you that she WANTS TO QUIT HER JOB & wants to be a stay at home mom? Maybe you should ask your date / girlfriend if she plans to continue working after having kids or be a stay at home mom. What if she changes her mind after having baby?  Other people would probably say that money should not be a factor when looking for love or wife / husband.  But you are right that the marriage could end in divorce.
I think you've forgotten why there is a civil war raging in Syria in the first place. The U.S. didn't start it, they just took advantage of it (as did Russia, Turkey, and Iran). Syrian civilians started it as a backlash against al-Assad's draconian rule where people were arrested and disappeared with no legal recourse.   While I agree that the U.S. has no place in meddling with the internal affairs of a sovereign nation, don't think for a second that if the civil war stops that will be an end to the bloodshed.
Those of us who are omnivorous and eat meat differ from the vegans.
@moyizzy naw negro
You are spot on Dave.  They have already been caught using illegal pesticides more than once.   Consider this, you have a legal pot farm that is indoors and the size of a football stadium; so you are growing about $5-10million at any given time...what are the chances you will not be ensuring no pests or other maladies occur by spraying the crap out of it.  Do you think Tobacco producers took your health into consideration when they started putting chemicals in their products....no they care about their bottom line.
That's a pretty bold statement.  I remember a lot of people saying the same thing about digital tapes and laser disc.  What makes you think foldable will be any better, or for that matter, any cheaper?  Sources please.
Is this retarded bitch really this stupid?
If you think all donald has done is "hurt some feelings", you've raised obliviousness to an art form.
Where is @StephyRae7 ... I miss that bitch.
Dear Ayesha,  Your article suggests that human actions (be they 'good' or 'bad')  are based purely on culture & social constructs & hierarchies. If you look at human action holistically, you will find that hormones play a very large role in determining behavior. For instance, trans-gender people who take testosterone testify that their own behavior & attitude towards people slowly changes into something quite horrible (eg. gawking at and objectifying people). The behavioral effects that hormones produce are something that honest trans-gender people have claimed has surprised them, & that they catch themselves thinking & acting out things which they never would have. I'm not trying to knock your SJW article, but I think its in the best interest of humanity that modern science & understanding of human evolutionary history is given a fair representation and context within this post-modern 'dialogue'. I encourage people to read far & wide, to recognize bias & to question everything. Regs
Does anyone else see the likely very minor shaving of time from this ideas?  Halftime is not the issue. Commercials are. Continuing to run the clock after first downs will help.  I think the time of a game is not an issue.  I personally believe a much bigger issue is the abundance of night games.   I think, f#$k, the NFL doesn't have so much self indulgence of night games. Play the games during the day.
As I mentioned the other day in conjunction with spelling and grammar "It is easier for those of us who learned English as their second, third or fourth language." ;)
Steve McKeever.  Can you enlighten us with data that shows a relationship between student's geography proficiency and school budgets?  My sense is that over the past five decades total education spending has increased and our students knowledge of geography has decreased.  Is it possible that "more funding" is not the answer to every educational challenge?
Fred01... you are absolutely correct... the overturn rate of the 9th district court is not 85%.  ( I must have misunderstood the news report I heard on the radio)  My apologies, Sir...  On more researching the subject on Google... I found that the overturn rate of the 9th district court is only 79%.    :)
Yeah, I know its really really tough when one has to deal with people too stupid to have the right opinion.
Paying the state over $1 million in back taxes is hardly gossip or speculation.  Facts are facts.  It sounds like you're a member of the Republican CBC.
Perhaps 'barking dog' is more diplomatic than 'braying ass.'
Trump is definitely a worthless stain on America. He's definitely a sick, fascist, white supremacist traitor.
"Being equipped with "a 'dialogical' brain" isn't relevant to the divine institution of marriage." Baloney to that!!! Truthful dialog between woman and man, one on a par with the other, is part and parcel of the objective integrity of the divine institution of marriage.
Actually incorporating allows for income splitting, dividends, deferring income and other tax reducing strategies for an individual. If they we just an employee "with none the protections of being an employee" then there would be no reason to incorporate. This is the reason that the small businesses that actually drive our economy are being crucified with the tax welches.
Soft niccas usually send the hate thru the bitches jealous Instagram niccas hatin on ya pictures -- @Therealkiss
I agree the union's rules and actions should not be allowed. Although I wonder if Caledon is willing to pay their escalating fines, why doesn't it just give them full time paid jobs.
Constitution says otherwise. Look it up. A1.
Punch a nazi!
Living in Quebec,  there is little to make me feel Canadian (today is just another day here).  But Gordon Lightfoot always makes me think of this great land from sea to sea to sea. It was the Canadian Railway Trilogy that inspired me to travel by train from Vancouver to Montreal  as a young adult.  Pity that he was given second billing today  behind Bono.
Yes, by all means useful EU idiots; let us save the whales, save the snails, save the trees, save the seas, save the worms, and save the germs. Of course, we must carbon tax all those greedy American polluting capitalists into bankruptcy under one world government by the United Nations to save the planet from GORE- BULL warming for the greater glory of the goddess Gaia.
KEEP BLOCKING MY FREE SPEECH COMMUNISTS DON YOUNG is....... Just another OLD, RACIST, IGNORANT........LOSER. If he was in a village on the Bering Sea ........ The villagers would put his OLD, DRUNK,INCOMPETENT ASS on a ICE FLOW OUT TO SEA! Hey Don, YOU ARE WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS COUNTRY! LOSER! DRUNK! COMMUNIST SUPPORTER!
FEMA announced today that the port is NOT full of humanitarian aid - it is full of commercial goods that were sent before the hurricane. They still need humanitarian aid. I would much prefer to err on the side of too much aid than to impose a 100 year old law that keeps away aid from foreign countries.  The law was suspended for Texas and Florida - why not Puerto Rico? The law should be suspended for at least a year. It isn't just humanitarian aid, the act also applies to building materials and other supplies necessary to rebuild the island.
As MSW has said, increasing costs on businesses has absolutely no effect on their decisions to hire, expand, etc. I know this is counterintuitive because if you take money away from a person, it means they have less money and therefore will buy fewer goods or services. If you increase the cost to do business, however, there is no effect because . . .  well, I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with social justice.
More nanny state foolishness. The left is happy to let people decide if they will ever work or not but they can't eat a Caramilk bar. Creating social engineering policy to let a six year old decide their gender but not to drink a can of soda. Absolute madness.
First saw Griffin on Seinfeld. She wasn't funny then-definitely not funny now. Strange-esoteric humor.  Can't fix stupid.
Maybe they were not able to leave...
is this for real? is there a free lunch for everyone?
She did not  clear her trip with the ethics commissioner before she left, It was not reported by anyone that she did, quite the opposite.
Try and pay attention, Two-partiers... Whether it was the "Reince P***s" comments or his "Steve Bannon sucks his own d**k" comments, Moochi obviously wasn't the right guy for that position. Preibus and Moochi both insulted Bannon, who represents the core of this pro-truth movement. Now they move on, good for them. Fuck the establishment base and its toxic tumor leaders (McCain!!!)
6 weeks ago the Rockies were a different team.  Then people started seriously talking playoffs.  Since then, it appears to be a different bunch.  Used to be they went out, played the game for fun, and enjoyed it.  Now they go out, play the game seriously, and do not appear to be enjoying it.  Black needs to do something to get the guys playing loosely as they did at the beginning of the year.
One has to wonder what they will do when reality kicks them in the butt and casts them aside.
Good.  A nation electing these Republican terrorists should be permanently sterilized.
Sarah's new movie will find it's natural place alongside boxes of Ben Stein's "Expelled, No Science Allowed," collecting dust in church basements everywhere.   She wins another Darwin Award every time she opens her mouth.
HOCKEY STICK UP YOUR ASS   HOW DARE YOU ACCUSE THE AUTHOR OF THE ERIC GOERTZ ARTICLE OF WANTING WORLDWIDE FAME? Fucking asshole.  I wish there was still a hockey strike you FUCKHEAD.  Go ahead try to get my shit deleted wikipedia is just a bunch of old fucks trying to act scholarly about matters they know nothing about, how the fuck would you have heard this story any other way except by me using wikipedia? That's what I thought.  I hope you don't get palsy sitting on your computer salivating over women's NHL photos all day.  Go ahead and make my day!
Both  houses  may  agree  on  a  time  to  meet  in  joint  session  to  override  or  sustain  the  veto.  The  houses  sit  in  joint  session  as  a  unicameral  body  and  it  requires  two -thirds (three fourths  if  an  appropriation  bill)  of  the  membership  of  the   combined houses to override the veto and have the bill become law.  Now that's courage.  Legislature,  save the people from this attack by the Governor.
"Stop being oddly selective about identifying political affiliations and people will stop suspecting the worst of you." Too late
"Eugeneana" by Lynn Ash is a wonderful book, I loved it and thoroughly recommend it and expect to be there Thursday.  However this blurb is dead wrong:  "  local history about the Whiteaker neighborhood, particularly the intersection of Eighth Avenue, Monroe Street and Blair Boulevard."  This is NOT the Whiteaker neighborhood, which begins at 7th  to the north. This is an important part of the Westside Neighborhood (WNQP) , which has been very active over the years in protecting the quality of life in Lynn's old neighborhood including Monroe Park, once the site of Lynn's old Lincoln School.   Sure the "Whit" is an exciting area these days; However, having spent many cheerful  years working with the Westside Neighborhood I think that group deserves some recognition here.  As Ash's  book is so distinctly "local" - she can make a two block walk to school an adventure-- geographic accuracy is important. Sadly, the EPL even misspelled "Whiteaker" on their posters .
Always:  WHOOP A ^ &  has been served up................In a above post I stated that I had a wager on the game and if I won I would donate the $500.00 to the SSS, (Shoot, Shovel, Shut-Up) & TDSS Cat Programs.  I am still going to contribute to the Cat Programs but I am going to use this $500.00 to buy a Homeless Hut, donate it,  and put a Roof over a Homeless Head or Heads...............Something Uncle Phil will NOT do, GREEDY A # % ^ @ *................
“The short memories of the American voters is what keeps our politicians in office.” ― Will Rogers  Guess the question is WHO keeps voting these idiots into office?  American voters.
There are two distinct functions of the PUC. The one Tom Gartin refers to is that of overseeing safety issues. This is independent and separate from the function of rate determination for customers. The OPUC does not at present have authority over the rates of EWEB or any COU. This is the issue referred to by Marc Shapiro. The comment here is irrelevant to the argument that EWEB rates should be under PUC control.
You're about right on the timeframe (Ford/Carter) by my thinking.  And that's the same time that Rush Limbaugh started broadcasting.  But he likely had precursors as Wolf Eagle notes in his comment.
Let's hit it, Jake
You can do this by putting your opinion at the end of each of the 1,2,3 and 4 section in Talk:Religious_significance_of_Jerusalem#mediation.
"are you retarded?"
I think several on the commission are ESL types
Trump's quest to bring coal back is unlikely to be successful. Coal production in the US in 2016 was at a 38 year low. Sadly for coal miners, employment in the coal industry has, due to technological changes, been dropping much faster than coal production.   https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=29472  Natural gas, solar and wind are now cheaper routes to electricity than coal in much of the US.
Cost $250 RT @BrandNewAndrew: &#8220;@ItsNotHarold: I ain't buying no pussy I got too many followers for that&#8221; u in Vegas. Dont miss opportunities
MTA strike= KEEP YOUR VANDALISM IN CHECK COMMIE SHIT STAIN
... you shouldn't pity morons ... too bad they can't be completely avoided, ditto with their Presidents.
I do the shit you bitches is too pussy to do
Disgusting remark.
The judge followed the recommendations of the Santa Clara County parole board. Even the county DA has stated the sentence was consistent with what is normally given in cases where the defendant has no criminal history. As for the dignity of the victim, I don't see how giving the guy a long sentence adds to her dignity.
I watch very little television and what little I do watch sure as hell wo n't be spent as a study of the common * * * * * * s psyche .
@TheBovee CSGO bitch.
Let's check in 4 years from now.  If you're right, trump will be beginning his second term.  If you're wrong, he may be starting his second term anyway, despite losing the electoral college.  Oh, and note that the "authoritarian" Obama won a second term easily.
I think Trump means well. But could use some coaching feedback to improve his calls. And better secretarial followthrough on details.
what the h*ll is wrong with these young guys?  guns are not toys.  NOT TOYS.  stop shooting each other and take some boxing lessons. good god kid, you really want to be responsible for killing your brother?  square off and both take a swing at each other if you must.
1. Pretty close &#8220;@Rosegoldracks: 0 trash ass nigga @07Cannon: &#8220;@Rosegoldracks: Quote this and I'll guess your body count&#8221;&#8221;
I totally agree. I would be in favour of some kind of reduction if he did the humane act of letting the  family know where he hid the bodies. But he has shown that all the way through the trial he is a compulsive liar, so there is little need for mercy for him.
RT @GuyCodes: Flirting with bitches on Twitter like http://t.co/UBFtGH262O
The key word is service. If LTD had put a little research and public planning into the airport effort, they could have tapped into models from other cities and ideas from people who might actually use the service. Without that it was doomed to be an underused failure.
Wow, that wasn't condescending.  If you had a working knowledge of American history, you would know that long ago, the U.S. didn't have a standing army, but a ragtag militia made up of people.  Now that we have a standing army to keep our free state secure, care to try again?  Are 30,000 deaths per year just fine with you?  With 300,000,000 guns why are we talking about a death in a lark in Anchorage?  Shouldn't we all be super safe at this point?
Support - The Whirlygirl article is a redirect to this page, and there is no article with a similar name, without being a redirect page.
But we all know that the justice system is a colonialist construct that has to be rejected. Alcohol, ski-doos, trucks, and hospitals are ok, but everything else colonialist must be rejected, because it is the root and permanent cause of all problems.
These are the kind of knee-jerk reactions that get people dead. Must we all go around with eyes down so as to not engage another person who may decide to shoot you? Gun Culture sucks.
When I stated Hammer is not going to jail and these charges will be dropped, many of you explained in detail how I am an ignorant fool who has no idea what I am talking about, and yet Hammer is not in jail, and the charges were dropped, on the very same grounds I stated. Golly, where are all my critics now? The civil thing to do is admit when you're wrong, and especially after what some of you folks had to say of my intelligence.
RT @CloudProjection: Females are more thirsty for attention than males are for pussy.
Bernier doesn't have much caucus support in Quebec... what do they know that we don't.... which leads me to thinking... Scheer who is bilingual could be... Chong is, but he just doesn't seem to resonate.  I'm hopeful that others will drop out (there are 6 who could)  I've said all along that others would drop out and throw their support for momentum
@austinrea_ @sbsylvester @hunterbuch66 @kieffer_jason bitch that's wtf I just said and its not Christopher it's Chris mf
The lies on this here Twitter &#8220;@Libra_DTF: You niggas wouldn't know grade a pussy even if it slapped you cross the face !&#8221;
A high school teacher with 185 students can't be expected to communicate regularly with the parents. There isn't enough time in the day. Grades have been the best way to communicate. A teacher's time should be spent actually teaching, not pandering to bureaucrats.
Mbalula's idiocy is nauseating to say the least.
"dictatorship"???  Oh the drama from the snowflake left!
Are you kidding me ?  The only option is risking one's life riding in traffic or watching TV ? If a person lives where there is no trails--they hike in the woods and make new ones .  They catch a bus that takes them to a park.  We have over 100 parks in Anchorage with the Chugach park nearby containing thousands of acres . There is no reason to ride on our roads.  Bike trails were built to get bikes off the roads.  Taxpayers were sold the bonds to make them for this reason. The city even had a law on the books that said where ever a bike trail was close--bikes must use it and not the road.  years ago bikers quietly got that law removed.   I personally saw a guy on a bike get run over. The victim churning around under the truck was something that will live with me forever . I wouldn't wish that fate on my worst enemy.  That is why I urge bike riders to stay off the roads . If you had seen what I did---you'd feel the same way.
Are you moron or stupid or both? I created my personal page for this, so move all this bloody useful information there if it is necessary.
Yeah Handcock's $152,000 salary was not enough so he turned to minions on Denver City Council to bump him up to $172,000.  What a phucker he is!
Why would you write something like that?  I was not attacking you.
Really hard to dive examples. The cost of the pool in Barrow would be a good one but all the links I could find in google lead to 'page not found". I'm guessing someone don't what that information out there.
@luvvida You're right.. I be around my nig....
"@trutherbot: does he look like a bitch?" @el_capacitor
There is something unreal about this discussion.  The evidence was reported as that of Dr. Schwietzer.  I don't know  a Dr. Schwietzer,.  There is a Dr. Schweitzer at N. Carolina, who has published in this area.  But--as of this time--none of the correspondent in this thread have referenced any of her work. Not as either as "Schwietzer" or "Schweitzer."     Did the author or the editor make this mistake?  I after E, or is  it E after E?   I reminded of  another confrontation between a liberal French freeman and a conservative German prince.  Frederick the Great, distressed when his guest Voltaire was late to dinner, sent a note to his tardy guest:  < Du bist ein Aisel> --you are an ass!  He signed it: <Freidrich, die Zwite> -- Frederick, the second!  Voltaire had the last laugh.
"  Hi Radhatanaya - I just wanted to follow up on this. There were also a couple of related categories that were deleted a month ago, and I wondered if you were involved in those. The decision was to put all the scientists and technologists into ""Textile scientists"", because there's just not enough to differentiate at this point. If you have a different opinion or knowledge, you should definitely contribute to the ""CFD"" (categories for discussion) linked above. You might also want to read up on categories to understand how they work and what they're useful for. Cheers, Laura  "
Anon, how do we contact Caitlyn?
"You don't know what you are talking about he does"
@trestiffer lil b already to puff for the hoes
And I am just as free to criticize them for it.  I believe that freedom of speech is a universal human right.  The constitution only prevent  our government from prohibiting the free exercise thereof, but that does not imply that it is morally right for anyone else to do it.  And by forcing them to stand, they might be forcing someone to endorse something they don't believe in, and that is not right.  It seems like compulsory patriotism is a characteristic of totalitarians.  I thought we were above that.  Boy, was I wrong.
I hope he does, the bomb the crap out of Brussels and the EU
'''Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuc
@VictorRico3 they didn't want to fuck Steve that bitch lmao
HEY ALAN! YOU FUCKING SUCK MY DICK, you gayboy. suck it hard and choke on it. don't ban me, please...
The insurable interest would not be excluded by legal activity, only illegal activity.  So, if you rented out your house or condo in an area that is zoned residential or apartment to tourists on a regular basis, no insurance coverage for you.  If it is zoned for resort, then a condo in Waikiki would be allowed to get insurance coverage.  A very simple fix that has been staring everyone in the face for years.    This means the City does not have to go around chasing down violators as well who put up apartments in those areas zoned for single family residences.  With no insurable interest, illegal apartment renters would soon find out that they cannot get renters' insurance coverage as well.  Leaving them exposed for personal liability and total loss in case of a fire.  This simple change solves a myriad of problems, from affordable housing with thousands of units available for local residents and families, to eliminating illegal rentals to tourists and local communities. Not a rookie.
That's OK, chief. I don't do very well around people who lack basic human empathy, anyhow. The Exxon suit was not thrown out; it was sent back to the NYC district court. It's still in litigation. That only leaves like 849 lawsuits you haven't accounted for.    Exxon's scientists told management that AGW was a serious problem at about the same time that science in general figured this out, in the late 1970's-early 80's. But . . . Exxon-Mobil CEO's, including the current Secretary of State, told stockholders another story altogether . . . for like 35 years.  And THAT is one serious crime. Ot at least serious malfeasance, as is being argued by people who know a lot more about lawsuits that you do, Chief, including the AG's of 17 states and a group of Exxon shareholders.  Lying about matters of great social import is not protected speech, no matter how many continuances and motions Exxon's lawyers throw up to obscure the matter.
Well Mr Happy, did you even watch the game? Did you see Stroman's dominate performance? Of course not, he's too "expressive." Did you see Pillar go 5 for 5? No, you were waiting for his next strikeout. The Jays could win the WS for the next 10 years but some people can't see the forest for the trees.
Frazier probably found an excellent time using race to run from Trump's squeeze on him to lower Mercks' and the Drug industry cost to the end user.
I simply don't know Roy. I made my choice, and that has nothing to do with anyone else's choice. "You've got to know when to hold 'em Know when to fold 'em Know when to walk away And know when to run You never count your money When you're sittin' at the table There'll be time enough for counting When the dealin's done"
You are as fraudulent as trump ave noctura, with  your link to the dream act versus DACA.  You & your husband probably don't even know the difference.
another alt left, NO FAR NUT JOB LEFT, piece to support the liberals in ontario and thier bill to al lbut take over children from parents if they want!
addicted to pussy poppin
@CsSalazar15 yeah right pussy !
If you slow down for a puddle you're a bitch
Hi Ernie,  A dose (called a "pinch") goes for about $40-$50. People can withdraw a certain amount of cash from their Quest card. (I think it's $80/person from their monthly disbursement.) So that's two days worth. PFD and Calista checks offer some more cash. People are returning from fishing and firefighting jobs this time of year. Then there's always the old fall back of stealing from your own or someone else's grandma.
Any illegal hombre is a bad hombre. Get rid of them all.
garydubrall, The 36% favorable rating, theoretically, applies to everyone in the US, not just voters or registered voters.
[To say one law can defeat another shows just how ignorant a person can be.] YOU tell me to go read the Constitution and then ignore the Supremacy clause AGAIN and maintain one law cannot defeat another law?  You have proven beyond question I am wasting my time trying to reason with a closed minded twit.
If the price gets too high it will come back down - then it will go up again.  At this time you shouldn't be buying unless you are a long term holder.  If you are then you may be bankrupt on paper but you will have your home and will one day be a paper millionaire too.   . I lived through the last Toronto crash.  It was painful but we got through. . If there are very few foreign buyers, a tax won't be felt by many.  If there are many, then some form of restriction is a good thing.  There is nothing wrong with reserving Canadian homes for Canadians who live and work and play and pay taxes in Canada.
From a Swedish MP who isn't afraid to admit what is going on there.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEaB5_rQTb4
maybe miller can start printing money out of thin air so uaa has everything she needs. I said maybe...
@ MillionMonkeys President Donald J. Trump! #MAGA #PMPK  OBAMA SPYING SCANDAL! Said that with ease too!
Why would a student at school need to access Snapchat, Instagram or Netflix?
Some bitches are relentless. You can curve her a hundred times and she still wants the dick
Hating on me? Then bitch what's good?
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
True but even before you get to experience that, you'd have to have some reason to even shop there.  I don't find that I ever am even enticed to shop there.
The US currently has just under 100 Million unemployed, they don't show up on the "official" list, when you stop looking for work. Oh, and the "saving the financial system" BS story that lefties love to parrot? That was Ben Bernanke responsible for that, with tepid results, not OBomber. Barky was just a placeholder between rounds of golf. Sorry, but your Magic fella has been a TRAGIC failure, and will be GONE FOREVER, taking his America hating woman with him. He is the only potus to NOT have a GDP of 2% in any one year. Massive FAIL.
... my Badgers have to keep winning, this Clemson loss will help their nat'l champ cause ... GO BADGERS, GO BIG RED!!! JUMP! JUMP! JUMP!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVtTMNK6xLo  DESTROY PURDUE TODAY ... LOL ...
That is an absolutely pathetic comment.  Only an absolute jerk hopes someone's seriously hurt...or hurt at all.
"Retard, everyone wasnt bad. Everyone had fallen angel blood in them. God didnt want that. God wanted humans to be human and angels to be angelic. Not no damn hybrid. Read the bible before you fuck up your interpretation."
You ain't nothin but a piece of cheese with out the corners in other words you ain't never gone be a slice bitch &#128514;&#128514;&#128514;
An Iranian official has stated that Islamic "guerrillas" are massing within USA in order to attack infrastructure and military from within.  One of their objectives is to get access to the nuclear arsenal, he stated.  Mr Trump might have been right to be paranoid about some things, seems like his countrymen have forgotten the story of the Trojan horse.
After looking at the coverage of this situation and the incident in April, it appears that United Airlines has a problem with racial discrimination against Asian-Americans.  I was wondering if the JACL would look at this issue as with other similar organizations.
What is this fool going to do now, give her the order of Canada?
Oh, Patricia- which "recent report" would that be?   "Lack of Diversity?" What a crock- How does your non-existent "report" account for the fact that countries such as Japan and Norway- with almost all homogeneity in their races- have economies that are doing just fine?  ....But that's *Not* what you meant, was it.  What you *meant* is that somehow having other people of color somehow equates to a better economy, when such a claim is utterly baseless.  What will it take for some people to realize that having a bunch people with different shades of skin is not "Diversity?"
"  Hi, is it a part time job of yours to be on my ass about every edit I make to wiki?  And please spare me that crap about being ""civil"" since you made this personal by singling me out on numerous occasions.  Whatever affiliation or interest you have in wiki is not nearly as serious as you make it out to be.  Seriously... get a new hobby."
God. Democrats are sick, sick people! Why would this pass along party lines? It should have been UNANIMOUS!
fumanchew, i agree. lived in kapolei in 2014 and since then it has exploded. three major shopping centers, every big box store there is, dining and the real train. its close to ko olina. i very seldom saw a tourist.
"“The goal is not to help other people and not your mom. The goal is to make sure we are helping more people,” Gardner replied.   How does that square with his vote to eliminate access for millions of people? Math isn't subjective, sir.   Gardner says he doesn't want nazis to be his party's base--not something that should have to be made clear, but good on him for doing so; and yet:   "When asked if he would push back against top White House officials who have been tied to white nationalist groups, Gardner said he was not going to ask the president to fire anyone."   On N. Korea: “We have to again double down on our goal of peaceful denuclearization.” But can't denounce Trump's bluster.    This unethical cognitive dissonance should not be accorded to elected officials. If Trump, Gardner and the GOP can't stand up to the enemies of democracy--because they are their base, no less!--why should we keep them in office, where they personally reap the rewards of the system?
From the Georgia Straight:  Andrew Weaver painted his opponents as hopelessly compromised for accepting union and corporate contributions.  During the recent provincial election campaign, B.C. Green Leader Andrew Weaver made a big deal about the two major parties accepting corporate and union donations.  “B.C. Green Party banned corporate and union donations because it was the right thing to do,” Weaver said in a January 16 news release.  But today, Globe and Mail columnist Gary Mason revealed that Weaver’s party “was hitting up a prominent member of the Vancouver development community and major BC Liberal Party donor for a $30,000 contribution”. The developer reportedly turned the party down.  Can you say, "Hypocrite?"
Gary Bettman is an evil gnome.
And probably Breibart and Fox News and Hannity!  You can't keep a good hate going without stoking the fires!  That makes it easy for me.  I find out what the latest 'outrage' is and don't even have to listen to the nonsense personally!
Cynthia Ann and Nacona were a real love story.    If only . . .        I'm so glad you know these things.   :O)  Thanks, again.
I did an Internet search on "PCHETA". I found numerous letters in other newspapers that echo Ryann Peyton's. I found very short articles on Alzheimer's and other medical websites similarly extolling the virtue of the PCHTA in equally general or nebulous terms. Many of us might agree that greater training of people who treat Alzheimer's patients is a worthy goal, but I can't find anywhere a summary of how the PCHETA accomplishes this and how the bill would be paid for. Plus, the bill appears to be sponsored by Democrats in a Republican-controlled Congress with a Republican president who all have said they want to reduce the federal budget. The chance of passage is slim. Hmmm ... Since the Democrats are still trying to come up with a central strategy for how to proceed forward, maybe this bill is more about reflexively challenging Republicans. "If you oppose this bill, you're in favor of shoddy treatment of our ailing (grand)parents!" Or is that too cynical?
All I've asked is for one thing. &amp; one thing only . But I get more then what most bitches could ever have... But still.
This is some bullshit ass "journalism" making up a story about something that isn't even happening. I got to a lot shows, sometimes 2 a week and I have yet to see any nazi bands play anywhere. All I see is a bunch of hearsay and accusations based on distorted facts. It's no wonder people don't trust the media any more.
Good example of Trump presidency, if shit goes south, he will just say he didn't know and that it was somebody else's fault.
Oh no! The swamp are the ones that threw open our borders to the illegal aliens and passed law like Obamacare. They are the ones who stood in the way of projects like the keystone pipeline and committed taxpayer fund to agrees like the Paris climate agreement. The swamp are the ones that got us into unbalanced treaties like NAFTA and would have done the same with TPP. The swamp are ones who exist to promote support this huge corrupt central government, which has been spending taxpayer to purchase votes that keeps them in power.
Sounds like you're him
Happily Pennsylvania got the death penalty. We should reinstitute it here. Especially for those child killers on the Big Island. Forget chemicals or electric chair. Just hang or shoot 'em. Cheap and trouble free.
Thats the only thing a nigga ask forRT @IGiveEmNathan: Its some choosable bitches in here tonite
Great, the only people wining are the immigration layers not collecting fees from Canada tax payers to keep them here. Send them all back, they must be really bad dudes to get deported because we all know Canada immigration is a sucker house for anybody who can get here. We have an immigration process, it is not the best but it is our process and if you try to go round it than you go home, no recourse NONE.
Shoot and ask questions later.
Something must be wrong. No one has posted "At least he died doing something he loved."
There ya go. Stupidity to the max.
Just for once, look at the issue dispassionately. A person who joins the military and then decides to switch genders, puts the military on the hook for the whole nine yards. That's the medical treatment itself, which can be costly and easily last for over a year, as well as the even longer period in which the service member is unavailable for duty. And that doesn't even consider the group personnel issues that can arise in a military environment.  Putting a hold on additional transgendered persons joining the military is a reasonable step. In the meantime any effects rising from the current transgendered military personnel can be examined. In the meantime, serving transgendered personnel must not be discriminated against in any way. Further down the road, an evidence-based policy can be instated.
but at the same time she hates me so I don't wanna trust her bitch ass
Pretty sure this is a big federal crime, actually.
"Sen. Adam P. Ebbin (D-Alexandria), Virginia\u2019s first openly gay state senator calls us normal people homophobic..all right gay boy...stickin up a mans butt is normal...I say you are a sick piece of garbage.."
Link didn't work.  So you were supporting SD, not supporting Out.  Got it.   We could use an icon that indicates 'sarcasm'.   You'd think it would be obvious, but it's not.  It would be easier if everybody just accepted that I'm always right......     lol
hoodad: you're silliness demeans the sensible folks on your side. You are to hunters as Trump is to Republicans.
@caylinwillis Fuck the Yankees
It's hard to think of Trudeau and his cabinet, and competency, all in the same sentence.
RT @Lauren_Fawx: &#8220;@ItsNotAdam: @ItsNotAdam Adam is a sexy bitch&#8221;  Conceded ass   (Jk ilusm)
Well, you could start today by counting the number of uncivil comments left by P and LoftheL. The rest of my response will only keep this all going longer, so I'm out for now. Some other day....
It's high time the OMB got its comeuppance. I've seen it approve all sorts of questionable things, like overriding citizens' covenants with regard to local parkland leased to private interests and of course the notorious high rise right next to a public school, when clearly what was called for was medium-height development. But extending rent control makes no sense, since it penalizes one party to a contract with no scrutiny of the other party. Clearly the reason rent control was limited when first introduced was so as not to inhibit new development, a lesson that the Wynne government seems not to grasp.
Hello   Sup you chodna gimp?
RT @bella_chuchi: You hoes ain't got no manners.
They actually list his lies...see if you can disprove their claim. You can't.... As for the Fake News claiming Iraq had WMDs, get your facts straight. It was George Bush and the Republicans that claimed that. This column has nothing to do with Canada or Trudeau, so stop trying to switch the subject to Trudeau.
You forgot Andrew Johnson, Millard Fillmore, James Polk, James Buchannan, Chester Alan Arthur....weve had a lot of doozies....lets not elect another...like Trump. Obama is a long way from being the worst....
So, 81 comments from armchair quarterbacks.  I wonder just how many of you live in the Seward area?  How many live in the Hillside area and were quick to complain to the Governor that F&G needed to trap and export the family of black bears?  That fiasco only cost $20k+ and the bears were killed in hope raiding chicken houses on their expected way back home to the hillside.   So easy to sit back in your castle and second guess the other guy when you don't have a clue other than what ADN tells you.  Yes, bear proof your garbage and your chickens, moose proof your garden.  But when you live where there are no streetlights and you have encounters with aggressive bears, regardless of the reason, just ask yourself this.  Is that bear's life more important than your wife's, or your children's?  Perhaps even your own?  Yep, poor little bear.  The entire world would be such a nice place and all of the animals would be safe if we could just put all humans into cages.  According to some!
The team that "disbanded" was the Special Assignment Unit consisting of SWAT officers that put a big dent in drug crime, violent crime, and these efforts trickled down to a reduction in property crime, etc.  SAU was actually disbanded and this effort was spearheaded by the prior police administration (Mew and Gilliam) because of internal politics and pissing matches.  CAP resources were then split and shifted to take on these additional  tasks.  With the new police administration taking shape there is hope to get back on track.  SB91 doesn't help, ask any business or retail store to see how bad they are getting hit by thieves.
The traitor Bergdahl should have been stood against a wall and shot a long time ago. There is no sense in wasting time and money on this worthless coward.
I didn't realize Vietnam was their country or Iraq or Afghanistan or Korea what did they die for?
So, Is Mr. Hopkins for Coghills crime bill or against it? Or is he a 'won't say' type of politician?
It seems to me that the evangelical leaders should take it up with the authors of the article, not with the Pope.
The causes are well known and have been well documented in the Seattle media. The capitalist free market and associated greed when demand exceeds supply during a period of rapid growth. Seattle will go the way of San Francisco so long as conventional economics remain.
Oooops we have a birther problem. LOL  Actually we could ask his mother, she might remember LOL But since Shirley Douglas is Tommy Douglas' daughter that's a no go in the USA, genetic contamination or some such.
RT @ReginaldSpears: If Hank Jr. was half the man his daddy was, he'd bitch-slap Brantly Gilbert for having his name in his mouth.
Yes.  And given who's been picking who's allowed into the room it's amazing there are any.
How's about you shut the fuck up instead...   If your going to use wiki to write history, at least make that history truthful and accurate instead of spreading right wing racist viewpoints you nazi piece of shit! Go die in a hole somewhere  dont censor you racist
How does operating a bus with one or two passengers in it be sustainable in context of GHGs?
hey marnette, fuck u u fucking queerbag who sucks on cocks!!! fuck u!!! leave me alone and go suck on some guy's cock u fuckin' queermo!!!   oh_babe
You know what is tougher for trudeau to deal with than an election loss would be a minority government....his arrogance and stupidity would be on full display.
Yes endless deficits are so wonderful.
Mic drop!
See you   Lousy cunt
Fill the sugar shaker with salt and replace the coffee with used grounds.
looks like my highlight of the night will be getting Lewis and having a quick fag outside work #shite
A valid argument. But you'll notice most of those convicted  of the death penalty will fight to appeal in hopes of getting life in prison over an execution.
They have Oakville and Burlington on the radar screens too and have taken action for assimilation.
They were Filipinos defending their Filipino homeland. I think it would be more appropriate that the Filipino government honor them, not the USA.
Adolf Trump
@CayMarieee bitch you NOT either bye &#128514;
Uhhh, yeah, that's the point, even if Obama would have done what he should have about Russia, Hillary was dead in the water, the worst candidate the DNC could bring to the table vs. the worst, most inexperienced candidate the GOP could manage, guess who won? Pathetic.  "An obvious lark," that is a classic cart before the horse declaration."  Nope, the backpedaling is obvious with the Collusion, that story is quickly falling apart due to the cat being out of the bag with Obama's failure. Collusion even though the POTUS and Co. knew about Russian transgressions in September 2015? Good luck. Once Lynch gets caught up, it's curtains.  Pelosi is leading the charge, I assumed the Dems would flip 24 until Stupid Democrats voted her in again after more than 10 years getting killed in Senate and House seats, again, good luck with that, you're gonna need it.
agree.  Trump is weak, confused, stupid.  He is also a danger to America.  OK, we get that he is a funny guy.  Now he needs to resign in humiliation.  He is just too expensive and dangerous to allow him to hang around until he is impeached.
You call selfie boy a male chest. LOL That piece of crap will never be a man.  He's a, well we are not sure what it is, but we do know it will never be a man. Which makes me ask the question. Will his so called wife have her picture in porn  mag, like his mother, then will it's daughters be the same.
You are wrong, the scientific commity totally rejected the electron theory. This is not science. There is no conspircacy, JJ Thomson, the discover said, that there are no electrons. This is not a creation of science, but textbooks, and wikipedia follows the same politcal bias as textbooks, and justifies that textbooks are what science holds to be true. If electrons are a scientific arguement, then I demand it be presented in a scientific fashon. I demand it be prestened with the scientific method, and actually state who holds this to be true and on what basis is it true. You think womans sufferage is more important, where will the women in the world get water, if we believe in ficticious things like electrons that govern the pumps that power our water treatment facilities. Is it not important when you go drink from the tap and you die, because of a stupid dogma. was it not important when your great cousins died when they drink from the tap, and died, and were told not to bathe, on the basis of more dogma?
NO, you don?t have ?haters?. People just don?t like you. Get over yourself hoe.
I agree Judge. I just saw (gov website) that if my husband wants to claim the child benefit he needs a written note from me. But if I want to claim it I need no note. This amazing bit of sexual discrimination is stated in very clear terms. I can only imagine the howls from social activists if the genders were reversed.
@big_business_ lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to decipher it.
Persib again Persib again. Please leave, that's is true. Fuck you. Many page does not reference, but no problem.  Page Persib is TRUE! YOU CAN SEE ON Persibhistory.com !!! Please don't Persib, masih banyak lagi. And I don't understand, your write what on my talk.
Regarding your sexuality Is it true you iz a homo nigga? You is a skinny little dork fuck aren't ya? You have never had pussy have you boy? Never. You is a ninny is what you is. One one nigga. Bang blunts all day long son.
omg RT @SaddyBey: Fat bitch. What's her @? http://t.co/ptNszx6nid
Plane travel does not align with the mayors promise to honor the standards of the Paris Accord.  In order to meet the standards of the Paris accord we must discourage travel tourism. Instead of building new concourses we should be adding fees to discourage travel tourism.
The whole darn Apostolic Exhortation..
Cute teen gets her pussy flooded with&#160;cum http://t.co/Jt6qxwS0Km
Now Agent Orange Tees up Venezuela too, what a dangerous ignorant clown.
agree with the editorial.  Honolulu has become so ugly, dirty and run down that it has become an embarrassment.  Try to save what little you have left out here.
RT @YungRetweet: @Versharky bitch
Why can't UAA ever produce UAF quality teams ?  Last night UAA looked pathetic . It was like boys playing against men. You can't change a zebra's stripes . There is little hope for this season . It will be the same old , same old. The only difference is this team is done from the beginning.  One goal in two games ? Are you kidding me ? Credit does have to be given for their ability to deliver power plays to the opposing team.  And easy scoring chances . They gave the game away. It's nice to see more fans turn out to support the Woofs . Even though at times the crowd looked more like a scene out of the 1970's TV show Romper Room or a day care center run amok . If the Seawoof players showed even half the passion those thousands of kids in the stands showed , UAA could have made half a game of it. Instead they chose to play selfishly , putting themselves against playing for the team. UAA is who we thought they were---the latest edition of another losing team and season. Fire Matt Thomas .
Dale Gross is just upset because his victims fall in this age range.  He apparently never got his GED but he likes to post as numerous different posters because his comments get him regularly banned.
@CreoleBabyBritt @blurbette @thepbg The same guy who thinks he can slang around "bitch" without it being offensive, apparently.
A shotgun would have worked fine!
Told my dad to go buy cookies for the graduation reception...this nigga bought Oreos.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, yup, sure thing SJSJ - I heard they got Hillary for overdue library books, Comey for jaywalking and Lynch failed to separate her recyclables properly.
What a bunch of morons
Too bad being a PM requires a little more than "looking like the mmebr of a boy band"
The power of prayer: talk about fossil energy....
In Britain ..
spare us the pity party how about this There  are all kinds of jobs out in the marketplace . Employers somewhere want an employee. Do you choose not to apply?  Its your choice not to work. Are those jobs are “below you” ,so you sit at home? “Dishwasher”is someone elses  job.
Hi, thanks for responding. Notability, from Wikipedia's perspective, is not about how the subject (Knok) is written about in Wikipedia; and it's not about how widely it's known by word of mouth; it's solely about what has been written about the subject in other sources such as the news. For an organization like knok, the relevant guideline is WP:ORG. I urge you to read it. Cheers, and whatever happens to the Knok article I hope you continue to contribute to the encyclopedia.
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
Because they are trying to trick Papa Francisco into saying something the can declare to be heretical and then use it to try and make him look bad. They have all been adversarial with him since the day of his election.
Ontario resident here: With Big 3 automotive industry medical coverage. Your journalist missed the main cause of prescription opiate addictions, insufferable wait-times for surgery and/or treatments for which we cannot explain except for  government-run heath-care failures ran by carbon-tax Wynne Liberals. In 2014, I personally had to wait over a year (15 months) for a MINOR torn lateral  knee meniscus operation from injury to surgery. I got to choose either perks or Tylenol 3 with codeine and another prescription for a $1500 custom knee brace. It was six months alone for the MRI and it got post-phoned when their machine broke down. I called the surgeon's and asked for a cancellation, which I received. He did a great jobs and I don't take those drugs anymore. My company paid for all the prescriptions minus my deductible. Do we wonder why we haven't gotten much of a wage raise? Insane health-care costs.
Liberals are aids infested cockroaches
You leave me outta this bub.
RT @iam_KandiRaven: "You gotta be able to keep a bitch on her feet or she'll be on her knees with the next nigga."
A lot of the math being taught currently is actually quite good.  Before he got a master's and a job in high school, my son co-taught 3rd grade for a couple of years.  (It was a private school, with more than one teacher in each classroom; my son was an associate teacher.)  Some of the things that he described were very exciting.  So I imagine that the basics of statistics are being taught in elementary school.  I believe that it all depends on the teacher and the available resources.  We ought to be putting more resources into the training of our elementary school teachers and into our public schools -- especially in the areas that are not wealthy.
&#8220;@AlexaDelsanter: This is awkward u fag @corleyhuff @vitchhhh http://t.co/HUDOhA6YQe&#8221; wonder who's awesome tank that is &#128522;
Thank you Deb McKinney  for writing a truthful story on my Brother Doug Cleaves. He is missed everyday . The horrors of that night are in my memory every single day.How I wish they hadn't done what they did so he could be here raising the son he loved so much. Love you and miss you Douggie. I wish life had a rewind button. You would be here living the life you were ment to have with your son Robert.
If Arnold did smash Donald Trumps face into a table, there would we an orange stain.
On the bright side the new publisher may banish trolls like Richard the trash man.
Highland BitchK . Them bitches stupid on Bloods , I'd fuck with Deja thoe &#128077;
mildred taylor is      she is totally stupid o.j
"Who drove the car into the crowds? Hillary's emails?"  - Tina Fey
YOU SUCK PERIODE AND YOU SHOULD HAVE YOUR HARTE PULLED OUT YOU SUCK YOU ARE VERY DUM DUMMER THAN Peter Griffin
Hypocrite central , hillarys a sewer rat
She gon look over these bitches like terms and conditions...
Damn, that's a good shot.
Actually this proxy server is maintained by Networking Tasmania, a seperate arm of Telstra which provides external network infrastructure to a huge majority of the non-commercial and government organisations in Tasmania. If there are problems, get in contact with them.
Oh, what do you think, idiot?!?
"I am always curious why politicians (both parties) make Spanish language ads.\nIf you are able to vote, I assume you are an American citizen.   If you have been here long enough to become an AMerican citizen, why can't you speak English???"
Sarah Palin is an narcissistic idiot who quit her job halfway through her first term as governor of Alaska, right after coming home from torpedoing John McCain's chances at the presidency. The only reason she knows what different kinds of poop looks like, is because she bathes in it.
THE END OF DEMOCRACY   to all those who read this message be warned as the tilte says the end of democracy is near. the legal sytem of the usa has allowed the citizen. you know what fuck this
Fair enough.  I still don't want the road and I'm willing to keep fighting against it.  You have the freedom to as well and I suggest you do the same.  Good on ya for helping your bud out.
" I did not say what you repeatedly say I said. You have several times now said I should be blocked for calling somebody a ""cunt"". You have repeatedly made false accusations against me without a single time providing a diff. I am well aware of what I have written and where it was written. I have not called you or anybody else such a word anywhere on Wikipedia. The most outrageous thing in the diff in which you were blocked for was not your reference to ""cancer"". It is your persistence in spreading false and malicious commentary about me. In that diff you say When Nableezy had the balls to say that he knew someone was a sockpuppet but that he was keeping his mouth shut because he likes him it showed that he was here for one reason and one reason only. Post a diff that backs that comment up. Just one, try to find one. Later on you say this time he called people cunts. Could you please provide a diff in which I call people (pl) cunts (pl) or even a person a cunt? Of course you cant, but that doesnt stop you. I dont even care if you are blocked or not, I wanted an admin to make you stop making these outrageous accusations without providing any evidence. Earlier you made several allusions to various people who think I was socking. You back out of it by saying ""Im not the one accusing you, just other unnamed people do"", as if that allows you to drop such an accusation with out one bit of evidence.The other problems with your comment aside, the accusation that you made that I ""breed cancer"", that cancer being sockpuppetry, shows only how obsessed you are with directing fault to me. You think I am the reason NoCal or Dajudem socks? Really? I, hoping that I am right, will assume you say this because you are just unaware of the actual history, as opposed to purposely ignoring or distorting it. Much of this happened before my time here, but before I got involved in editing here I read a quite a bit of the history, through article and user talk pages and archives, AfDs, ANI, AE, AN3, ..., and the arbitration cases. So I have a certain familiarity with the actors of this play and know the story fairly well. Once upon a time, there was a user named Isarig. This user has had their account ""vanished"" to . Some things I dont know, as the user's talk page is deleted, and others dont need to be discussed, but this user vanished at the start of the ARBPIA case. The user already had a history of socking, how much is one of the things I dont know. This happened late 2007/early 2008, with his last edit talking place on Dec 24 2007. NoCal100 was created Jan 3 2008. Canadian Monkey Dec 30 2007. Mr Hicks The III is an older sock, from Sep 2007. There were a few others created back then. All this before this monstrous creature you refer to as Nableezy arrived and caused this man to start socking.Now, as for your BFF (Stellarkid). The account Dajudem was given a topic ban after the CAMERA lobbying issue came to light in April 2008. One month later the Tundrabuggy account was created. One of the first things this account did was to go after, in a purely vindictive manner, one of the admins who had dealt with that issue. She, dishonestly posing as a new editor confused by the rules, was able to game the system into producing several blocks or bans against that admin. She followed him from article to article, going away from the A/I area into random areas such as Persian history. She was able to hide the fact that she was doing this for some time, until she was discovered as Dajudem's sock and blocked. One month later, a new account, Stellarkid, is created. Posing as a new account confused by the rules, this new sock proceeds to do the same thing she did with that earlier admin with a new target (guess who?). She is able to successfully get a ban placed against her target. When this account is discovered to be a sock, a new account (in fact several) was created. Three separate accounts were blocked last time around, including one with no edits just waiting to be put in to use. So Dajudem began socking prior to ever seeing me, yet I am responsible for her continued socking? And NoCal? I am responsible for dozen or so different accounts that I know that he has, and that isnt counting the ones from Isarig? How can you possibly blame me for the fact that a number of die hard members of the Defenders of the Glorious Cause have repeatedly socked?But back to the point, dont make accusations that you cant provide evidence for. Either provide a diff of me calling somebody a ""cunt"" or retract the charge. Same for the accusation that I knowingly overlooked sockpuppetry because I liked a user. nableezy - "
All of what you mention - and far, far more - is under investigation.  Silence should never be interpreted as inaction....that sort of foolish thinking has often resulted in severe losses that individuals, organizations and whole countries have never recovered from.
As it is so many time when it comes to the Catholic hierarchy, Papa Francesco must be very political [read carefully picking his spots] because many of his critics are also the very same clerics who supported his election [at the time] - it is absurd to think that now he is easily going to turn his back on the very traditionalists he needs to run the church.  Francesco is playing a political game that is both long in duration and thinking.  The pope's most potent political gambit is to shape the college of cardinals that will choose his successor: that process is designed to ensure stability over time, if not the inspirational pastoral leadership we long for, we so desperately need.
Where tf this bitch in the pink from? &#128514; this hoe pointless
Come on fag boy. Block me.
@ChaleCarlo5 fuck outta here and go put some more trash ass ink on your faggot ass self pussy
I just hope when it happens here,  which it will,  the victims will not be innocent citizens.  But the SJW types ,  like some of the globe writers ,   liberal politicians etc... in short the people that will be responsible for the deaths .
Alaskans are happy to see oil prices go up so HB 247 and the talk of income tax and taking Alaska's Permanent fund ends! ARCO’s Discovery of oil at Prudhoe Bay Kuparuk has paid for Alaska oil & gas exploration credits and they will pay for the next 40 years of free PFD, CBR and 90% of state government!  If Alaskans want 40 more years of free oil money, no income taxes, more PFD money and more CBR savings and keep 1/3 rd of Alaska’s oil workers employed; Stop HB 247 and us the CBR and send the Legislature home!  See Armstrong at Pikka, Caelus at Smith Bay, Blue Crest at Cosmopolitan, Furi at Kitchen Lights , and many more oil fields like Stinson and Hemi Springs!  HB 247 will shut down Alaska’s Trans Alaska Oil Pipeline and take the PFD away and make Alaskan pay a income tax and lay off many good Alaskans working in the oil industry!  Oil is providing each Alaskans $18,000 per year plus $ 2,000 for the PFD! See facts below, https://ballotpedia.org/Total_state_government_expenditures
No. No logic to it. It's just a statement of how it works. If there were unlimited or adequate resources to deal with everyone, I'd be all for it, but that's not the reality of the situation, and you have to talk in realities or you are just blowing hot air and talking pipe dreams.  Besides, by your logic, you'd round them up, conscript them for war and send them off to die in the middle east, so I don't see where you are one to 'talk' about anyone's logic or morality here. By my logic, if I were to explain it to you, we have a problem in this country (not the county) where automation is eliminating jobs and the idea of employing everyone is just not going to be feasible, and  we should give up our capitalism for a new -ism based on a good -osophy and adopt a universal income model where there is no excuse for poverty or homelessness anymore, and in some parts of the world they are doing the 'experimentation' for those models now.
RT @liddoprincess: Call it "insecure" if u want but fuck no my man doesn't need to be friendly or have bitches as "friends" these hoes ain'&#8230;
Well said.
Hard to say. Personally, i think the cbc might become an important part of it if they got money closer to bbc in the UK. No commercials. But enough money to do great stuff.  Content regulations wireless well on radio. Canadian stations had to air a high percentage of Canadian content. There was very little subsidy. We now have a very strong popular music industry. But that cannot translate directly to the net. An economic downturn in Asia meant that traditional sources of entertainment sagged. Korea created all sorts of content. They now have an enormous entertainment industry that exports a lot. I don't know if there is subsidy or if government primed the industry.  My point is that there are other models. The existing broadcasters made a great deal of money but did little to earn it.  Kids cartoons are an interesting exception.
Pity the ridiculous headline doesn't match the fine piece beneath it.
Conquer - That's patently false, but I'm sure you know that..
Portuguese name   One fact should be noted.  While in the Bourne Ultimatum they mention the name Gilberto do Piento as an alias of Jason Bourne, in the Bourne Identity, when he opens the Brazilian passport, this is the name of the Consular Office who issued the passport, not that of it's holder.  190.141.251.149
Why is there a question?  We've all heard the president himself.  He gets the biggest crowds, the most standing ovations, the best executive orders, with all the mistakes owned by someone else.  Sure enough, when he was married to his first wife he was banging his soon-to-be second wife.  But hey, that was all fake news.  He was stepping outside his second marriage and sleeping with his soon-to-be third wife.  He again will tell you that was fake news as well.  He will tell you the crotch-grabbing was invented by Billy Bush, and he was just going along with the conversation.  Again, this president has been in office long enough that certainly there is no question about his honesty??????????????
A Nigguh spitting dat crack to your bitch
you gay motherfucker i know where you live,i am going to sand your face off,then i am to going to beat you to a pulp,you chicken shagger.
Thanks Gary for bringing Mitch Landrieu to my attention.  A powerful speech indeed and one we need to hear here in our country as well.
How fuxcking stupid is this rate the comments bullsshit?
Your just a overweight beetch effff youuuu
"   Epidemiology   There are two sets of figures, one for the population of people with mental illness (numbers ranging from 0.017% through to 10%) - there is then a set of 3 figures for the general population ranging from 0.4%-1.1% under the heading that ""within the general population the variation is less"".  This statement is patently false - the fact that only 0.17% of the mentally ill population in one country have the disorder means that the variation between that and the 1% figure would be huge - statement should be removed.  Also - why does this second table exist, there are only 3 figures in it - is it relevant or important? 130.216.91.176  "
funny how a liberal troll like you hates as usual anything military!
Since no one has any cost estimates, it's impossible to make such a statement.
well, you know, fuck your idea of 'notability', and fuck your line. i make this art for others and i don't ask for anything in return, so if wikipedia cannot deal with my artistic practice its most probably as corrupt as the fucking system itself. don't excuse me for my language, i make my own choices. and if i must make money to be considered notable, then fuck the world too.
Well, Richard, that's exactly the point. He thought he was in a situation where he could say what he really thought, and not get caught. People of integrity act the same regardless of who is watching and listening. Sure, I've said things in private that I regret. I'd guess most people have, especially in their younger days. But Trump was a middle-aged man when he made those remarks. And he hasn't apologized; his repeated insistence that it was "locker-room talk" just sounds to me like he thinks it's okay to spout vulgarities and disrespect women, as long as it's in private.  Do you agree with him?
Fuck you, you Nixonian twit.
"only ignorant ass nigga I see is you....step off bitch"
Do they give the Darwin award to animals? I haven't heard of it but I don't see why not...
Calumny,_they_never_denied_credal_truth
A message from Jasonceyre    F u ck you hoe
Then Jesus came to fulfill the prophets and the law.  Not only did he correct Moses by reiterating His Father's command in Genesis for a man and woman to become one sacred flesh in indissoluble marriage, but he also went one step further and said that one commits adultery just by looking sinfully at another woman, indicating a radical change in the times because Jesus, the son of God becoming man, was the sign of the times, the new covenant with new sacraments including the sacrament of reconciliation.   When asked which commandment was the greatest, Jesus also basically said that loving and worshipping God is the only way we can expand the boundaries of our self-love and self-interest and love our neighbors.  The Church's moral teachings on sex are based on the words of God which are for our own spiritual good otherwise we all start going down the slippery slope to a new type of paganism where sex is based on the principle of doing something to someone.   So what else is new? (2 of 2)
Weinstein has apparently been doing this for 20 years - but everyone kept quite.  Why aren't we asking questions to those who turned a blind eye?  A New York Times reporter had this story in the early 2000's but the NYT editors shut it down; now it is a big deal.  Why aren't we asking why the NYT why they didn't publish this story a decade ago?  What makes them think they are holier than thou because they are now bringing it up?  Why the cover up years ago?  Bill and Hillary Clinton were big recipients of his money.  HRC says any woman who says she is assaulted should be believed (except when assaulted by Billy Boy).  Why isn't their outrage from the Clintons?  Mr. and Mrs. Obama have lauded and praised Weinstein over the years.  They took his money.  Why aren't they offended and saying something?  Donald Trump, the wannabe groper in chief is the only one who said anything.  He said he knew Harvey for years and isn't the least bit surprised.  At least Trump is honest about it.
With all the gun violence (murders, robberies, home invasions, and standoffs) that's been going on for the past three years in Anchorage and the Mat-Su, if Alaska had a Use and Lose gun law half the state would lose their gun rights.  Time for the Legislature to enact a Use and Lose Gun Law.
@JosesitoRiveraa fuck no faggot
Entire industries have sprung up creating and supporting technology. Canada's tech sector generates 7.1% of our GDP and employs 864,000 Canadians. These are good jobs with good salaries. We may have lost a cashier, but we gained a server admin. We may have lost a stock boy, but we gained an application developer.
While I am sure he probably dispenses Sacraments at the office, here he is Editor in Chief.
Mr. Wren, thank you for your courage in offering an alternative opinion to the mainstream mantra.  The "science" is definitely not settled.
It is a shame that you've been censored. While I disagree with your message, it was civil from my perspective. I will retract my "disagree" as a result. Those that marked this post as uncivil should be absolutely ashamed.
Remember the old expression :Trust everyone, and VERIFY."
Whoa boy! Now that is the first honest thing you've said here.  <That's why like flies attracted to garbage, I got barraged by trolls> . Boyo your avatar should be a dumpster or better yet a dumpster fire.  Flies on garbage thats you boyo. How long till you get wise and delete the flies on you garbage boy
Monsters under your bed, '22?   Call your mommy. Have her leave the light on.
You can tell there is something a bit off with these people from the start with "hoped to have two children, spaced two years apart."  Life and nature will !@#$ all over that.  Your kids don't need to do everything.  When I think that my mom raised five of us as a single parent in the 80s on 30k a year (60k today), through crushing interest rates while getting her degree, it makes me smirk when perfectionists amortize out their child expenses and decide to not reproduce.  We are now four engineers and a doctor.  Some tips:  1) Each of your kids doesn't need their own room.  2) You don't need to fly anywhere ever.  There are plenty of vacations to be had by driving and seeing local attractions. 3) Use Kijiji and look for sales to buy *everything*. 4) Don't put them in hockey. 5) Bring lunch and make your own coffee. 6) Own no more than one vehicle for the entire family. 7) Don't live in Surrey. 8) Most importantly, chill out.  You will NEVER be ready, but you will figure it out.
Pass it and lets get this civil war on and over with. I am not getting any younger.  If she thinks she will see "Mr and Mrs America turn them all in" she is crazy.
This world needs a build a bitch workshop
IRT "State lags in building affordable housing" I like the Singapore comparison.  No gum chewing in public or jail.  Public littering gets jail.  Whipping vandals and jail.  Odd numbered plates rotate days allowed in town traffic, or jail.  And more.  Street food is safe, or whipping and jail.  Crime is low.  Hardly any cars older than 15 years driving around, and luxury taxes for new autos.  Yup.  Hawaii should compare its comparative failures with Singapore.
chicken shit cock sucking pussy bastard!
Well Harbin, I'll know that Trump is truly stupid when he sends a plane load of cash to Iran.
Once again, Trump fails to rise to the occasion by not specifically condemning white supremacist and their beliefs. Is there "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides”? Obviously, yes. Should they be condemned also? Obviously, yes. But there is only one side sporting swastikas, wearing KKK garb, and making the Nazi salute. The times call for the president to stand up, show a little backbone, and demonstrate some moral leadership. Instead, we get moral cowardice. What a disgrace this man is to the Office of the Presidency.
What a stupid name for a stupid Wikipedia editor like you dickhead.
RT @_VodkaThoughts_: shego was the baddest bitch of my childhood&#128293; http://t.co/fiigh50DEj
Carol is an excellent example of the adage, "you can't fix stupid."
You will never see peace now that Obama has seen to it with his stupid and cowardly stunt.
Do you recognize Lutheran ordinations? If not, where is the problem?
Yes, that's a great example of collective (gasp!) action used to work towards addressing a problem. Thanks for bringing it up.   Donnie still seems to be quite confused about the matter, however.   http://www.factcheck.org/2016/05/trump-on-hairspray-and-ozone/   This is why we should elect smart people to office, not morons like Don.
Yea  he was way to busy sucking up to Iran and Cuba.
You all keep this in mind next reelection. Send His honor packing! Supreme court review should immediately be requested!
Maybe, just maybe they save the corp(s) they work for many millions of dollars, thus justifying the corp paying them hundreds of thousands of dollars. Fair? Si.
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
I'm a purple headed cunt
| decline=Niggers, jews, bad news! Also my cock is hard so it's time for rape lol 86.181.0.14
So sorry for the Dial family, my condolences. I'm   happy for them now having found him. R.I.P.  Cody Dial
Please engage in meaningful discussion to resolve debates, as other editors at Mark Ames are doing.  Please do not continue to flout consensus.  If you insist on doing so, the matter will be brought to the attention of the administrators.
You are murdering feckless SCUM.  Your mother would slap you for being the piece of shit that you are.  I hope you die in enormous pain from cancer in your asshole that makes you cry from the pain every time you shit you fucking subhuman scum......Fuck you. I would gladly cut your fucking balls off in a minute....go suck cock you piece of shit! Fuck you and your mother you sorry fuckin swill!
Whuh?  Wait...whuh?  We've been told by the mainstream media and so called experts this wasn't possible.  No way, no how.  So how did it happen?  Did the left lie to us yet again?  Say it ain't so.
She did not have to read anything Peter. All that was required was a small meeting with some people who would have "advised" her on what her role WILL be. And I am with you regarding the jail part. I cannot think of anything that would make my heart happier than to see live coverage of this excuse for a human being, being trotted off to never-never land. Nothing.
BAN ME AND DIE   ^_^
My questions  are.... who is going to pay for Clark's promises this time? How much will we owe? Will she deliver? We're still waiting for her LNG ship to come in. We're still waiting for her transparency. We're still waiting for her to care more for taxpayers than she does for her corporate sponsors. "Pay to play anyone?"
What a great story. Hard work and perseverance, I like it!
Ok, this is fundamentally unbelievable. If it had happened, Comey would have had an obligation to report it. And he never mentioned it to anyone in multiple times testifying before Congress.  Moreover, the Acting Director Andrew McCabe just testified there had been no efforts to impede the investigation.
Ignorant? Emotional rant.  Free Trade, Taxes, Bureaucracy, Immigration, & National Security,: and you are concerned if he chews the wrong kind of gum.  That is why we will lose our country. Delusional people like​ you.
I don't know.    Since it was supposed to be submitted by the Governors of each State, I guess you should ask Governor Brown's office what she submitted.  If that information has been released, the R-G certainly hasn't shared it with us.
I agree.  And don't forget Transcanada,  the fattest  rat to escape this  sinking ship......
Trump troll...
The thing about mollusks is they are a one trick pony; the tide comes in and they filter food out of water. In your case when the tide comes in, your one trick is to belch 'Hillary'! Do you even stop to reflect how stupid that is as a way of being? Especially you who is all about choice?
#oomf can get it but I'm chilling till da bitch hit me up
RT @cyb3rvibes: &#8220;@SejlaSmajlovic: Funniest one lmfaoooo https://t.co/1WT6BBlIdp&#8221; "swag bitch"
"get some respect and morals while you are gone junior."
Good! The only person more deserving of an orange jumpsuit than Obama is Hillary. He is such a piece of garbage. I'm glad Trump is back on the offense!
The GOP put lipstick on their original proposed pig and somehow got it through the House. Hopefully the Senate, including our very own Cory Gardner, will not perpetuate this proposed contract on so many Americans.
Love that picture. We are so lucky in ALASKA.
Hmmm ... if a white male had posted this, wouldnt it be a Hate Crime?    Case in point: the muslim van-driver with the ISIS flag in back that struck a police officer in Edmonton ... sorry folks he's muslim, can't be a hate-crime.
What business is it of mine what my boss makes? What the owner makes?  Am I the one in charge of production?  What does that have to do with what I think I am worth?  If you know the principle of gains through trade, then you would know this has absolutely nothing to do with wealth. . You'd also know that what a restaurant charges customers has NOTHING to do with inflation- NOTHING (Arby's has had the '5 for $5.95' deal for decades).  It takes hundreds of things into account. The owner takes what's left over- including a loss: you pay attention to the big businesses that last over decades- what about the thousands of businesses that fail? When their owners take home nothing, and pay themselves with what is left over after paying employees? . You have 2 minutes?  Watch 'Judge Judy' summarize this absolutely PERFECTLY (skip to 30 second in):   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VsikRkBmRw .
past and present facts should not be taken in isolation when there is a necessary and critical vision of the future to be hatched.
How does not watching the games change anything in this discussion?
RT @TerryWigley_: Go fish bitch http://t.co/8xytlSF0Vt
@blastmccurdy in your dreams little leprechaun hemroid
Want to see truly horrid and scary ... go to Texas.  LOL  They make those of us here in Eugene look good.  But truthfully, people everywhere just need to slow down, give themselves time so they aren't always rushing and driving too fast and running lights.  It doesn't really matter who is at fault if someone dies ... they are just as dead.  Care about your city and fellow citizens.
"If some media are prepared to favour ideological affinity with an administration over their obligations as journalists to defend a free press, then the polarization of the American polity truly has become frightening."  Great comment, but allow me to rephrase.  Some media are prepared to favour ideological affinity with an administration over their obligations as journalists to defend a free and independent press willing to raise and explore all sides of an issue, the result of which is that the polarization of the American polity truly has become frightening.  Actions have consequences.
What?????? Trump caused hurricanes????? Just like bush?? Wow the idiots around here astound me
Well obviously you are as ignorant as trump.  trump is the head of the justice department, having him state that scumbag should get the death penalty puts that into legal jeopardy.  Same with Bergdahl.
Did I miss something?  Is she the President?
You're such a slut.
"I never said I was smart. In fact I'm a complete moron. Which goes to show just how stupid you are. CBS, NBC, and fox sell advertising TIME. The billboard owner sells advertising SPACE. All sold to the advertisers that want to sell you their crap."
Old hoe lol @TheShugAvery RT @moyizzy: My juice is gone, I'm just an old bitty now
No.  Let it be.  And oh just so you know, I'm one of those far left liberals you all love to hate.
Ussien Bolt showed more respect to our anthem than Gabby! She's an idiot who got sucked into the political show but her background as a gymnast doesn't jive with 98% of all other athletes and people in the world of real and respect. The only place the skill she learned is going to be useful is at the Olympics no where else because she refused to incorporate discipline and respect into her actions. Stop kissing blacks asses.
pathetic
Some Defined Benefit PPs have become, legally or effectively, Target Benefit PPs, where the benefits are payable only if the plan can afford it. Certain benefits like inflation protection could be "deferred indefinitely" if needed.
" I see that it is now saying ""Secondary Highway."" Thanks. ∙piggle "
All legislation regarding Native People was passed by republicans.  How odd that sounds, but it's true.
Fascists like Trump need to be eliminated from public life, but how many of these people were protesting the past 8 years when Barack Obama created the refugees in the first place? Quit electing imperialists.
fat white bitch an a skinny po' black nigga......yeah im in Metairie fa sho....
By grassroots, do you mean hypocrite thugs who consolidate power under the guise of helping people only to regress society into 3rd world living conditions? Interesting how Chavez's daughter is one of the richest (if not the richest) person in Venezuela... oh well, ignorance is bliss...
One more thing...no edge in technology will be lost.  If you want to help research, lower taxes so  U.S. companies will be more competitive with their foreign counterparts..
man you ignorant left idiots understand nothing of business,, companies he was building went under 5 times, NOT HIM!, compared to the hundreds of projects and companies that make a profit, he is a winner pal, thats how it works with investors, some you win a few you loose , the goal is to win more than loose and trump is clearly a winner as are the THOUSANDS of people employed by him
The Episcopal Church, Anglicans, Methodists and Lutherans which by the way are all main line Protestant denominations with much in common with our Catholic faith and practices - except our treatment of women as un-Christlike and incapable of ordained ministry due to ritual impurity.
They are treating decent people like terrorists.  How is that supposed to help?  One weekend of anger against this stupid order has created so many more terrorists.  Living in an alternative fact universe has created an alternative reality.  The Fox News/Breitbart world has become completely delusional.
It's obvious  that the man hates pussy, lol, I guess everyone has the right to not like something, but when you go into someone else's Place, and grab there pussy they love so much and then grab there pussy right in front of them!!, and then beat it up real bad, he must be a real bad man!!!!!!
Your a cock   Hey i would just like to say that ure a fannyman who is a unionist bigot!!!! up the irish u COCKKKKKK!!! is derry not londonderry its the 6 (stolen and illegally occupied) counties of ireland not northern ireland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Check Trump's maids and nannies.  Bound to have an illegal or two among them.
Only retards retweet fuckry
Wah wah wah, go paint yourself a sign and walk around in a circle with the other morons. I just got back from a gay wedding and smoked a huge bowl of the weed I grew. You are a narrow minded lefty who hasn't got a clue.
More inane drivel from lefty fascists, who can only denigrate Donald Trump and his supports. "His supporters believe this dishonest man . . . will torture for them." Huh? Yet the RG editors allow this sort of rot. Hillary Clinton is your compulsive liar, who has broken numerous federal statutes. Removing classified material is a felony, and that's for starters. Mrs. Clinton has said "She doesn't remember," and gets to skate because of a corrupt federal government. Hillary Clinton also lied to the families of those who were killed in Benghazi, including a US Ambassador. Clinton and the administration knew it was an organized Al-Qaeda attack (on September 11, 2012! Imagine that!) but claimed to America and the families some obscure YouTube video triggered angry Muslims. The Middle East is aflame today because of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, threatening the security of the US and our allies.  Yet all crybaby leftists can do is blubber what a big meanie Donald Trump is.
They haven't done shit for Alaska. They are liars and thieves. Clearly the trolls don't live in Alaska because no Alaskan would stand for theses fake losers stealing from the people and state of Alaska! With the latest crime waves why can't theses losers get taken out? I have no tolerance for stupid people.
"while ideologically grounded in a rhetoric and practice of solipsism, are surrounded by a cloak of secrecy and ""plausible denial"". That said, let me continue. Rather the form of her expressions that I find both barbaric and misguided. I'll end this here with a personal invitation to womankind: If you care to respond to what I wrote, please do, especially if you think that I am being inaccurate or unfair. I do not wish to misrepresent you in any way whatsoever.  "
This was ALL so SADLY PREDICTABLE.  Arrogant P O S "representatives" of unions, developers, hotel industry and sundry special interests with no "skin in the game".  If you're gonna cave, at least force that sad, pathetic part-time mayor of HNL to go from HNL Hale to the Square Building on hands and knees over broken glass to kow tow...
Silat you are a moron
This comment is bizarrely idiotic.
lol unfaithful hoes
None of the risk but most of the revenues. Typical Canadian government attitude. Take a look at the breakdown of the cost of tickets, parking, even player salaries. Where does most of the gross go? Taxes. On top of that the teams take out their expenses after which they have their net which, you guessed it, they pay taxes. Alot of these taxes are 'special' entertainment taxes that are much higher than other products, similar to gas taxes. GST is calculated on the face price which is already 40% taxes. Take all that into consideration and it is no wonder owners won't build without the city putting some skin in the game. They aren't in business to give their hard earned money away simply to generate taxes for the next twenty five years.
RT @MyDicklsCaIled: My dick is called Offensive Joke because some bitches get hurt when it goes too far.
Morneau chickened out of that last year because he was lobbied by his Bay St. friends.  Hypocrite.
you are a mindless liberal who wants to take my money and give it to others
The great American Christian martyr John Brown argued that had he acted on behalf of the rich and powerful he would have been praised and honored, but that because he acted on behalf of the poor and powerless he was condemned to hang.  I submit this dichotomy applies just as much to historical treatment, in that it's the voices--and versions--of the rich and powerful which are promulgated while historical realities of the poor and powerless are usually ignored if not outright suppressed.  I still recall my black nieces and nephews being issued textbooks by their Arkansas public school which lionized the Klan for protecting white southerners from marauding freedmen during Reconstruction.  That was in the 1980's and -early 1990's.  "A certain element is committed to rewriting [history] to suit their needs"?  I agree.  It's just not the element you seem to imply.
SCONES ARE COOL ARD YOU ARE GAY
ETF's are murky to me, who knows what's cooking inside by whoever is managing it. Stick with individual stocks, no fees, $5 to buy or sell - that's all I would suggest to any one.
um hi lol   r u fixin 2 do something about it, fag?
The solution is not to add more lanes--- many studies have shown that this is only temporary; congestion quickly returns (folks, realizing the improvement, start driving more!, for one). A lane dedicated to cars w/multiple occupants; this could be fee-based with the revenue used to pay for it.
Gotta love all the parasitic sector workers not only agreeing with the tolls but calling for even more taxes... How greedy can they be?
Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE .
Who cares avout celebrities, most guys (and some girls)want tits.                                                          Yourmom
Shoutout to my Mamma cause she Ain't Raise no hoe
Election bluster.
hey buddy   You suck asshole
Its a bitch living in a country where you have two choices for President and fifty choices for Miss America .....
why don't you shut the hell up, you nasty ass. how dare you treat people like this.
It wont happen again. Also thanks for the tip
With so-called editorials like this one it's more a propaganda nuisance, most certainly not a reliable source for news.
You do know that there have been hundreds of similar rejections at the border.     It is incumbent on the group travelling to the US to make sure that the individuals actually have permission to travel into the US..   If a Girl guide leader has a  DUI  they will be turned back at the border.   The same goes for an american troop leader wanting to visit Canada.  Should the girl guides ban cross border travel so to make the person with the DUI (or felony offence)  be able to fully participate in the Girl Guide experience?
@LynkinTheDog doesn't wife these bitches http://t.co/TVRCzo99oe
list  What's the point of that third table being there, it's all old data from 2003/4 (on the ppp per capita article) there' no point!!!. That guy just wont listen because he is in love with old data and doesn't like new data, he needs to add a love heart to the third table to show his love for the old data! (lol). It was so better when there were just two lists (IMF & CIA), only when that guy added a third table and now the article looks really squashed with three tables!!! you gotta move on in life, you can't come back to old data from 4 -5 years ago!! but he wont listen, his love will never go for that table!!!!.  Goodbye
There sure are lots of opportunities, aren't there?  The gun industry and their useful idiot allies keep making funerals.
You should take your own advise!
Daddy Duggar said incest should be punishable by execution.  I'm sure he set up a firing squad for his son.
I hope she-he goes as "Miss Chief Eagle Testickle."
Did ya get it all out of your system ? Boy you sure put me in my place with all your facts. Meow
Cassandra Thanks for the reference Sheldon Adelson.
What exactly is being made up? That camp sits squarely on a floodplain, Peter. Do you know what floodplains do, or do you need to look THAT up? Spoiler: it's right there in the name.
The question arose, was there a compelling state interest for everything from regulating contraception to abortion to denying gays the right to marry. The Court concluded that these issues were private and that moral scorn, even by the majority, was not a compelling interest. It was the equivalent of yelling fire in a theater, not religious freedom. It was rather an attempt at religious power and therefore not protected or a counter-balancne against the liberty of others, most of whom were neither elite nor powerful, they just wanted the same dignity that others have. If supporting that dignity makes me an elitist, I wear the term proudly. Trump says he stands up for decency, but that is a very hard sell from the epitome of the New York elite.
Pete sucks peters, you worthless piece of shit NDP attack queer, either take all your medication or non of it, asshole
We really are a shit culture when we get incensed over the name of a cocktail but people happily buy diamonds and chocolate from the hands of literal slaves. Outrage culture is societal decay.
LISTEN loser islam apologist, your evil so called religion is murdering people around the world daily, it is the problem, period
We're getting used to stolen elections by Republicans who fail to win the popular majority. Bush jr did it, now Trump.
How I beat up the pussy http://t.co/40YiW6e2cH
And yet Trump's whore wife violated the terms of her visa and has suffered no consequences.  I guess it still matters who's dick you suck in America!
Almost all published research studies on psychiatric medications are funded by pharmaceutical companies that come up with drugs using a hit or miss approach – they are not at all reliable. Also many studies have shown that antipsychotic medications only as good as placebos.
They say I wouldn't make it now them same bitches is calling my cellular
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................
Grow up you silly person it's not disruptive editing your reverting is disrupting - hey QED actually pay attention to Wikipedia's own page devoted to people with the surname McKay not Mckay because that name does not exist!(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McKay) Your logic Qed - suggests that this (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McKay) is wrong because McKay has uses an uppercase letter 'K'. You imbecile just ask a specialist in the field of surnames, specifically Irish and Scottish surnames and you will have your answer!
This is the key insight with Trump. He’s just genuinely one of the worst human being imaginable. If you think of amost *any* character trait – not even in politics, just in life – he’s awful. He’s stupid, ignorant, arrogant, racist, lacks any compassion, insulting, has no sense of reciprocity. He doesn’t care about the rule of law. He openly praises tyrants and despises democrats. He is openly wasteful and hateful but demands that no one take a cent from him or insult him in any way. Never earned anything, inherited his wealth. He only ever punches down, and only ever uses his power to aggrandize and help himself, never to help others. Not to mention he’s a sexual predator who has run through trophy wifes and appears to have raised monstrous children.
????? That's not exactly growing the economy from the heart and having the budget balancing itself with the pixie dust and unicorn farts philosophy we're presently forced to endure.
The Homer nappy hair dope smoking hippies trying to form their new cult on the Kenai.  At least the sane normal working class put them in their place.  BTW council member Reynolds owns Cycle Logic in Homer, so we all need to boycott her business for promoting this stunt.
My nig "@im_me_mi: "@oneshadowlove: yes black people live in Wisconsin lmao @80sbaby4life"shock da shit out me too #learnsomethingeveryday"
I hit raw while im listening to papoose
I'm seeing more &amp; more niggers migrating further up liberty rd... smh
Why you shouldn't eat pussy unless you love her http://t.co/BkpLT6D9ax
So they can shut if off but won't? They should go to jail not fined.
FUCK OFF MY PAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you guys are idiots. I clearly don't care about editing articles on wikipedia apart from this, so ban me. I just don't understand why you are to delete this one, so fucking lame.
"First off, you're not a non-drinker. I am a non-drinker and I am 1000% against this law. There are idiots in this city who should have their licenses cut in half even if they don't drink at all. I have friends who are very careful drivers with clean records and no-claim insurance histories whos civil liberties are being stripped away and people like you are letting it happen. Good for you. But Redford isn't stopping here. When YOUR rights are being stripped away, you'll be changing your tune pretty much instantly."
making them citizens of this great country is a "darkly uncertain future"? Just silliness!
Hope those companies considered residency when determining who to layoff. Worked with a ch2m group that was at least 60-70% out of state.
Kinda like : How does it feel to be dumber than a fountain?
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
We would have plenty to spend on essential public services if the majority in the house and senate would stop being so generous with oil and gas tax credits.
I would disagree. Being known as the firm that took this case, if they win, would be a huge boost to their firm.
In a court document filed Monday, Breiner urges the judge to grant Gutierrez a deferral because “he has accepted full responsibility, expressed sincere remorse for his conduct and has received the majority of the public backlash for his participation in the offense.    If Gutierrez had accepted full responsibility he would have pled guilty.  This is no more than his attorney trying to get the least punishment for his client.  I do not think the DA should have accepted the lesser charge and hope that the Courts sentence all of them to the maximum extent allowed.  To murder and mutilate defensive animals does not deserve sympathy.
@NicoleJeanxoxo haha pussy lololol
if trump makes this stupid idiot secretary of the va i will give back my va benefits and disablility and disavow my military service.. what an insult to veterans.. i hate trump for his ignorance...
Renewables have become cheaper than fossil fuels in the last several years??????  Just not true, when you dig into the details.   https://www.forbes.com/sites/uhenergy/2017/04/04/despite-claims-of-grid-parity-wind-and-solar-are-still-more-expensive-than-fossil-fuels/2/#464d13f13e00  If your statements were really true, there'd be no reason for government subsidies of the renewable industries. The invisible hand of the free market would do everything needed to replace fossil with renewable. Someday, this will likely happen, but we're not even close to that yet, especially with the expansion of oil supplies over the last few years.  "general consensus" is like saying "anonymous sources". No proof or evidence required.
Lawson is awesone.
Where's DiscoJoe to scold everyone about the proliferation of guns?
Now let me get this straight. Munoz not only tried to defend the mother charged with eight felony counts of child endangerment because they go to church together, but also tried to do it using her elected office's letterhead.   If Munoz has a reasonable explanation for what appears misuse of position to advocate for leniency of a criminal acquaintance or friend. Say what you like, Munoz isn't leadership material.
I have no problem with political spending limits and restrictions just as long as they are applied equitably. I find it odd that there is no mention of the US based eco trusts - particularly the Tides Foundation - that funnel large amounts of money into Canada's political system to advance their anti resource development agenda in this country.
Let’s parse this out.  First, “the Church” did not commit any abuse.  Second, the priests who did commit abuse paid zero.  Third, the money that was paid came out of the coffers of churchgoing parishioners who did not commit any abuse.  Fourth, SNAP is the issue, not abuse. If SNAP is holding itself out to be a charitable organization when it is not, if it is accepting finder’s fees, if it did tortious acts to an employee to keep from being found it, that needs to examined and corrected. Or is only one kind of abuse of persons reprehensible?  Fifth, the dioceses take every legal means to defend themselves because if they do not, their insurance is null and void and they do not have the resources alone to make payments.
Koncerned wrote: "E.G.: Were you ever in the military? If so, when, how long, what branch?" K: I'm a dog.  Honestly, it's none of your business.
gotta 9 for the bitches outta line
Are you as ignorant of firearms as you appear to be?  ANY auto loading firearm can be bump fired with or without a "bump stock", a simple rubber band will suffice. I suppose in the absence of a bump stock you'd be seeking to villify rubber band manufacturers instead? How about if the killer had used a Ruger Mini-14 Ranch Rifle instead of an AR? Or one of the tens of thousands of M1 Carbines sold by the federal government as surplus? AK47 or AK74?  There's only on villain responsible for the dead and injured, and that villain is dead. Looking for surrogates because you want to find a pair of feet to lay the blame at is a useless endeavor. The enlightened among us look at the tragedy through a filter of reason instead of allowing our response to be determined by blind emotion.
Supporting their right to express beliefs is one thing but having respect for them is quite another.  I'm appalled.
This isn't "crooked Hillary" idiot.
The start of the end of a once great company ...
@duhhvenuhh love you too bitch&#128129;&#128536;
.  "Ryan headed to the White House for a meeting hours before the vote."  CNN is reporting that Ryan's visit to the WH was to inform Trump that the bill will not pass if voted on today.  Gong Show On The Potomac.
That replacement healthcare program will be produced right about the same time that the wall gets finished.
"\xa0@CrankyVince has found our slice of the Internets!\xa0 FUCK YOU."
The internet, the economy, the negative state of nation and the state.   the fact that the current administration and some of the media, movies and television  has indirectly and directly given criminals affirmation and taken away the demonization of criminality and made it cool.  Rampant gang activity. Drugs, drug deals, drug and alcohol abuse........there's a whole list of why everything is on a downhill slide.
Terri Schiavo as Rorschach Test   I added this article to the Category:Terri Schiavo and
My condolences to the families.
If your income, including social security benefits, is over a certain amount, then your social security benefits are taxable. The IRS has a worksheet to figure this out.
"   Your first post, heres is to remind you       If your still upset about the playable list get over it, its proof. The maker of super smash brothers made that video which counts as confirmation of Lucario, Ness and Jiggly. )If your not regard this.)DarkFierceDeityLink   I absolutely cannot comprehend if you're being serious or not but you gotta stop acting underage if you're going try to talk to me. This whole ""YOU'RE UPSET ABOUT THIS SO AND SO"" is an underage kiddo routine and quite frankly I'm not up to it at the moment to even bother with your crap. You're not helping this discussion by going for or against with any previous points and I take your comment like a stalker behavior.HeaveTheClay (talk)   That is what you posted. IT was to me. And only me. I was not upset, it was rude, and it was off-topic. Your grammar was Brought up this morning by another editor, and I did as well.     "
Well just like cigarettes here come the aboriginals and organized crime. Illegal weed producers and drug dealers have no worry here, the government taxes will keep them in business well into the future.   In case some of you people haven't figured it out the LPC policy is take your money and give it to someone else.
Tillucum is a word from indigenous peoples long before this whale.  I agree, with the many who think SeaWorld should be shut down.
Chill with the thirst bitch my chicks right next to me! For real hoe!!
ADN is endorsing, without officially endorsing.  Bunch of cowards!!!
RT @SheswantstheD: when u and ur boys discover a hoe http://t.co/3tK3UsCLwd
RT @__J_R: Smh nigga is mildly retarded RT @Thotcho: LMFAO RT @JustDoJ: If Griff wasn&#8217;t injuries we&#8217;d legit be 6-1
Recall everyone of them idiots who think the pfd is their answer to their screw-ups and shortfalls.
These niccas sangin on dey partnas witout a Grammy award
oh puhlease, Trump has supported Israel far more than Obama ever did.
Official global population estimate for polar bears is now 22,000-31,000, the highest estimate in 50 years. That's around five fold from the 1970's.  Why a recovery plan if the population is at it's highest in 50 years?
Joan Caldwell is going to so be missed in this program.  She was an amazing CASA and an even better person.  Thank you for your time and energy for our kids Joan.
RT @twaimz: i have never screamed so much like a little bitch just from A FUCKING VIDEO GAME IM LEAVING EARTH I-G-G-BYE
"Salazar said there was no “bad intent” on the part of DiStefano, George or MacIntyre, but rather “mistakes” were made."  Huh! I learned a long time ago in the principle of CYA. When something like this happened in my area of responsibility, I was reaching out to legal and HR to make sure things were handled by the book . .  no looking away.  No bad intent? Don't give me that . . . at best it was gross stupidity coupled with a severe case of willful blindness.
"Vancouver officials estimate the city is on pace for more than 430 overdose deaths by the end of the year."  I know, lets build more safe injection centers, yeah, that will help, keep them junkies safely for life. Why don't we build and finance more treatment centres, free of charge, help people to get off of drugs. Building meeting places for junkies and dealers where nurses help them inject the drugs into their bodies seems so ludicrous to me.
Bravo, someone with the guts to call a spade a spade.  Predictably, 80% of the comments here are trying to shift blame to everything else (lack of systems, the users are at fault, the chinese suppliers are to blame etc).  Evan tells it right, the evidence is pretty overwhelming at this point.  These other issues are ancillary to the main problem.   People need to get the message.  This is an iatrogenic problem (caused by the medical establishment) flat out.    This crisis has exposed a huge flaw in the faith and authority of the "Evidence Based" system we have today and there should be a lot more hand wringing and investigation into the system that allowed this problem to grow and thrive.  The "evidence based" system has not changed.  Something like this will happen again.
The s'posed hijackers were mostly Saudis (15/19, and SA royals even supported them in this country, but we didn't bomb them, and even gave Bin Laden's family a free exit when all other flights were grounded) and the highjacker's s'posed leader was a notorious playboy who lived with a stripper. Hardly the type Al Qaeda (which we created, btw, along with ISIS) recruits. Osama bin Laden proudly took credit for his part in the Kenyan embassy bombing, but denied any part in 9/11. Wouldn't that have been a feather in his cap? Even our FBI never accused him of complicity in 9/11 and never added it his "Most Wanted" poster. The Taliban OFFERED to turn him over for trial in a neutral country if we merely provided proof of his complicity, but there was none, so Bush 43 attacked them anyway.  War with Iraq was always the goal, and Afghanistan was merely needed as a staging area.  In short, we have been lied into war many times, but those who are ignorant of history are doomed to repeat it.
Did you miss the part in which one of these nutjobs is going to prison and the other is a fugitive? So their religion isn't protecting them from prosecution, any more than the whack job who shot up the Planned Parenthood in the Springs or any other lunatic who commits a crime in the name of religion.
Wikipedia should be named Wikifagia because they all suck balls.
The ESPN site is debating the hand holding during Mass issue.    No.  I just made that up.  But they could be.   Infield fly rule.  Very funny.
He said get up bitch... That's not PG #FROhorsemen
Can someone, please, please PLEASE start a new govt party?? Because I'm neither a leftist feminazi who's obsessed with talking about gender at every turn, nor am I social conservative who's constant policy thinking alternates between being "pro israel" and "pro life".  I'd kill to be able to vote for a party that isn't hijacked by some narrow ideological agenda, and instead could govern based on efficient mgmt, and long-term steady growth without raping the environment.  Too much to ask??
Don't pretend to know what goes through my mind.  Suppose that I would not be able to get a U.S. passport in even twenty year's time. I would still have picked the U.S. The dynamism in that country is something Canadians will never be able to replicate. Canadians like you like to think that your country is some multicultural paradise and that you're saints doing third-world chuds like me a favor by allowing entry. There is a deep current of Canadian nativism or racism or whatever you want to call it that is being clearly expressed in these forums. In Canada, these problems are swept under the rug and everyone can live with the delusion that all is well. At least in the U.S., for all their problems, they can have honest conversations about these issues.  But hey, if my presence in the country spites you and your ilk, then it would have achieved something worthwhile.
Gee i wish otapper was around so the korean boy king could boss him around and kick our ass. But ... barry otapper is gone time to drop a nuke
Interesting to see what happen sfrom here...  http://www.abitleftandabitlost.com/posts/where-do-syria-and-assad-go-from-here
So according to this article, it sounds like a person was driving too fast, was not aware of the blocked traffic, came upon it too fast and wasn't able to really stop therefore hitting the rear end of a vehicle therefore causing a domino effect. The person freaked out and left the scene.
It's a fucking disgrace.
Actually, most of what is called "misogyny" is nothing more than a difference of opinion. Feminists don't like differences of opinion, so they try to shut down debate by claiming anyone who disagrees with them is a misogynist.   It works fairly often not because so many men hate women, but because so many men crave female approval.
Islamophobia is anti-Moslem bigotry, and anti-Moslem bigotry is Islamophobia.  Islamophobia, however, has the advantage that people who squirm over it expose themselves as hateful bigots.  The motion should pass in the original phrasing.
put a cruise misssel right thru his forehead
A fitting followup to Renzetti's landmark treatise "The cost of a hurricane is high, especially if you can’t afford to flee", considered by many to be the definitive work by a Canadian on the nuances, the ins and the outs of how poor Americans are left to drown in flooded streets while the elites watch from a comfortable and safe perch.  With her finger  on the pulse of what's wrong with American society, in this case the infamous glass ceiling where Hillary came up against all sorts of discriminatory obstacles, Renzetti paints a picture that's a far cry from the ideal of diving congress in half by gender, ignoring competency yet attaining favorable headlines.
Please refrain from adding nonsense to Wikipedia, as you did to gorilla.  It makes you look really stupid.  But I guess it probably makes you feel like a big man.  If that's what you're after, go shoot someone - you'll feel better, AND you'll be removed from society so the rest of us don't have to be bothered by your child-like efforts to amuse your gnat-like brain.
"rec just shut your mouth with your neo-nazism. you are just a weak minded social reject compelled to strong leaders like hitler because you cant fend for yourself."
Thanks .   I was happy I was able to reply to her without my reply being flagged.   In the past people have accused me of having their comments removed---when I never have .  Unless they use a four letter word , I let free speech prevail .  In fact , when we post something we have to review 3 other comments---today I had to review someone attacking me . While I didn't like what the person said---the comment was civil , so I approved it.   What has never been explained to me is why it seems conservative commenters  are called " trolls " , yet liberal leaning comments are free speech.  Under the old system and new---I've never seen a liberal commenter called a troll.   Since we are invited , in fact encouraged to comment , I don't see how anyone should be called a troll .    While I had reservations at first about the new system , to the Dispatch's credit , many more people comment now. To me that's great . The more , the merrier.
Yeah, that's right Doughty, guns beget guns and murder begets murder.  Nice to teach kids it's okay to kill.
Ingrid Tamuyeye is also a young athlete but does not wish her name to be published on the interner and Daniella Ashaju is one of the best spokes people of youngsters but does not want her name to be published.
I see the problem, you are not good at math.  If your taxes are $1,600 and would drop to $1500 but a measure  passes to keep them at $1,600 then they did not go up.  They stayed the same.  You should look into a senior deferral for your property taxes.
Maybe Canada should fly Justin over to Myanmar.   He loves Muslims more than any other Religion.       Only Christ knows what the idiot  will do.
Christos Anesti, BRO!
It's more complex than that. Ralston is not afraid to speak the truth as he sees it, but he is also a buffoon. Who once said "It is better to be silent and thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt"?
Thanks God this scumbag was not elected President.He would had been a white Obama
1) I see your point. 2) It's all over YouTube.
You could always put your money where your mouth is and start one. It simply isn't that hard to care for others, you just have to be willing to expend the time and effort.
I would indeed say that everyone who practices religion is a complete nutter.
The NRA apparently agrees: "'The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations,' the statement continued." https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/las-vegas-shooting/nra-backs-additional-regulations-rapid-fire-gun-bump-stocks-n808121
He knows a weak, incompetent leader when he sees one.
Gonna miss seeing the old place. I've had a few meals in there over the years...decades when it was The Chinese Kitchen. My dad even worked there a bit delivering Chinese food after he retired about 25 years ago.
"lmaoo.. i could prolly take him.. yaah id prolly fuck her... lol "
The problem was some idiot made ridiculous edits to the infobox. I'll try to fix it.
ScumBag paid Mole strikes again   You are a fukkin scum.
Salaries of executive management keep skyrocketing more every year.  They are rolling in money.  Vote for the dummy Trump!
This woman is irrelevant.
This article describes the Global Corporate Value Chain where corporations integrate inputs and outputs on a global scale to maximize profits & minimize their costs. That's their supply chain, and they don't want it upset.  Supposedly, there is 'free trade' but anyone who orders anything from the USA (or elsewhere) knows about customs/duty fees at the Canadian border. Apparently, there is only 'free trade' and 'investor protection' for multi-national corporations, NOT domestic citizens whose jobs get 'globally out-sourced' according to where wages are lowest and regulations lax to non-existent.  Domestic national politicians are subservient to global corporate demands.
It's no matter.  No one wants to study/report on the real epidemic.  There's a nobel/pulitzer/something in it for who does.  The fact is, the average life expectancy of Americans will be going down, for the first time in a long time. And drastically.   It will go from ~80, to ~60 in one generation. Mark my words.   All the markers are here, and I'm not immune myself, so this isn't criticism, but merely observation.
The idiots are out in droves today.  An elderly neighbor had a furnace problem which sent me to Lowe's Omalley and the number of people wandering around that store like zombies constantly texting without buying anything was astounding to say the least.
Well, now we all know who's definitely selling the shit.
Kamala Harris is lucky because of a negligence of our ancestors in writing the U.S. Constitution. They should have made it clear that only  Christian Caucasian Europeans were entitled to forever be the rulers of this country and no negro and no other group of people.  Our ancestors never imagined that their descendants down the line would have granted citizenship rights to non-Whites and passed immigration laws allowing them to come here and infect our once beautiful society. Now we have this non-White Kamala Harris telling Whites what to do. This has to change.
We won't have a problem with true AI, unless it learns to reproduce.
"I don't get why people get so offended by shit nowadays. Who honestly gives a fuck? It's a game. People need to realize that reality is worse than this video game trailer. Bitch about something that actually matters instead of a 2min game trailer that you find "distasteful." Gimme a break, If I were a female I could care less. I thought the trailer was awesome. It just goes to show that Agent 47 is still a badass."
Nonsense. She's the friccin' Premier.
You're leaving? Permanently? How exciting for Canada...err...I mean how exciting for you!  You can take "chinaknews" and "China Joy Ambassador" back too.
Only socialists see such success as such abject failure.  Others are celebrating but we never never never hear about them other than how evil and stupid they are.
typical wiki total shit article - fails to mention monkeywrenching   typical wiki total shit article - fails to mention monkeywrenching  could wiki be any worse, I mean really?
The EPA has repeatedly said fracking is safe.   In fact the only thing they could do to try to do to mollify the OBAMA administration and anti fracking activists was was try and tie unrelated activities in.   For example they said deliberately injecting produced water into an aquifer would contaminate the aquifer.   But no one injects produced water into the aquifer.    An example from the home would be:  adding anti freeze to the car radiator is safe.   Unless someone pours the anti freeze in someone’s bowl of cereal.   No one is going to do that.
If you had put in your quarters before during or after retiring from the feds you would have received the government setback upon retiring and only receive 1/2 of your social security. Funny that they didn't tell you while you were earning your quarters, they just passed it on a whim quite a while back so you see they can take back anything if they want to when they want to but if you are in the country and never put into the system you can receive SSI under circumstances.
That Pavlovian bell keeps ringing. I get the sense that "TFW" is really meant to be an euphemism for something else...
Remember when Presidents just lied about stuff like "if you like your doctor you can keep them" or "mission accomplished" or "operation Iraqi Freedom will only cost $300 million with few casualties" or "I did not have sexual relations with that woman" or "read my lips, no new taxes?"  This guy lies about how the boy scouts called him up and said his speech was awesome. He lies about Presidente Nieto thanking him for all the chaos Trump's policies have caused on the border. He cannot be trusted to tell the truth, and America's leadership in the world suffers as a result. The executive branch has no credibility and will have none until Trump leaves or is removed from office.
How in the world could ANYONE assume a 7800 pound tractor be safe on a *footbridge* is beyond me !!  It would appear the city is not adequately training their new employees--the result?  increased liability insurance premiums passed on to the taxpayers. Dumb is as dumb does
...and the folks who have lived in the neighborhood for decades and conducted themselves likes responsible citizens and didn't tear down their houses.
any immigrant should be educated in the culture to which they have chose to enter.  Their responsibility, not the taxpayers.
No, it's just a very dumb government.
Know why birds don't wear pants? Cause their pecker's in the way
The Establishment can never put out enough distractions (feminism, wars, terrorism, neo-Nazis, multiculturalism, immigrants, refugees, religions, sports, etc.) from the gross economic disparities most of the world, male and female, are suffering.    I trust I'm not being sexist in saying feminism has been a big failure.    Many more women in the work force, more respect and status for women, many more women in positions of power, many more wealthy women; BUT have women made the world more compassionate, peaceful, altruistic, generous, democratic, loving, kind? I don't think so.   Exhibit A: The large numbers of female corporate lawyers. Large numbers of female corporate lawyers have failed to make our justice system more equal - for men or women. Contrarily, the multitude of female lawyers and other women in power have contributed to increasing income inequalities and increasing inequalities in the dispensation of justice.
what an idiot....out of touch with his own people
I think you are confusing the movie Avatar with reality!
@YungIll314 my lifestyles raw dog, one magnum will put a dickhead in the hole, and that was cumin out of the pussy lips
I got a grief from liberal friends by saying I liked Goldberg's rational arguments.     'That's can't be true, he's a big time conservative!'    And while I do not agree with everything Goldberg says (or anybody else for that matter), I think he does a good job of looking at the political reality and doesn't stick to a 'pure' ideology.  The objective of our Congress should be to serve the AMERICAN people.    It's become clear that the political parties make virtually no attempt to support people that don't give them money, or they think independently and don't like 'Party Plank # 9'.   The Republican party got this rolling with Newt Gingrich and his contract with America, then you have the whole loyalty signing to Grover Norquest.  How about Bush Jr holding 'town hall' meeting that were by permission and excluded Democrats and independents.  Democrats are more diverse in nature,but they keep their rank in line with campaign donations - you don't vote against leadership.
Yep. Never in the history of the world has a bank been robbed.
Learn that that SCREWED UP & get a a big fine, Hopefully! They know exactly what they were doing. They are going to claim STUPID. Stupid is as STUPID does!!
I used to hike there a lot. When they decided to eliminate the forest service cabin that was there because miscreants kept vandalizing it, the writing on the wall was that Anchorage's population growth would influence further incidents in the area that's nicely convenient for residents to quickly get to and enjoy.
Sorry for our country, but Congress may have no other recourse but to initiate proceedings to impeach President Trump once former FBI Director Comey testifies before Congress with what may amount to obstruction of justice for his firing.   There also remains the investigation of possible illegal dealings by his campaign staff and specifically Mike Flynn for his questionable communication and dealings with the Russians.  Trump's allegations of fake news and lies by Democrats and promulgated by mainstream media only brings attention to a subject that could have easily gone away.  But the attacks, more that anything, only raises the credibility of the alleged concerns.
Making that statement about Afghanistan takes some weapon grade ignorance, even for this site.   What do suppose the odds are that you can locate Afghanistan on a map without assistance?
&#8220;@nhalegood: When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites http://t.co/ZDf98BpF94&#8221;
The narrative is starting to unravel - high officials in the corrupt DNC will be going to jail.
Fuck off, subhuman scum. You lost the right to demand civility when you posted The Human Centipede on the frontpage. Without any provocation you took a huge, aggressive dump on everyone who visits Wikipedia (ranked #6 on Alexa in case you didn't know. This is not a niche site for scat lovers). You have no fucking right to demand people to treat you with any degree of respect or politeness.
HI Carol Anne:  Just wanted you to know of our policy which is to not respond to Loenidas until he is willing to post comments using his real name.    When people hide behind pseudonyms they are free to disagree with everybody without having to reflect on their comments and without having to care as much about what they say.  This particular commenter is someone who just trolls these articles so he/she can post his far-right opinions.  It's not worth it to try to reason with someone who does this anonymously and doesn't have to stand behind his/her comments.
@TheRealOweifie good one you fucking bitch ass
I love it! Shows these jerks who is in charge. And that's not Trump but the American people. Time to learn how to vote and that means vote as we say not as you want!
Agree but what does it have to do with the article?  Did you read it?
The party hacks on both sides do not want to watch as their good buddies are thrown out as the swamp is drained.
And who do we blame his stupidity on?
but look at the alternative
Nope.  I don't need the money
I don't know what performance this reviewer attended - but it certainly wasn't the same one the thousands of others at the Four Seasons Centre experienced. Why send a reviewer with no sense of humour and an obvious bias against bel canto "comedies" to The Elixir of Love? Not to mention a questionable set of ears.... Bintner received some of the biggest laughs of the night while never sacrificing his incredible quality of sound, Osborne was the utter opposite of "small and mousy", as she filled the hall with gleaming, full tone all evening and Shore had the entire public eating out of the palm of his hand (with the exception of one, evidently). This was the most fun I've had at the opera in years, and the young cast was absolutely world class. Stunning singing and brilliant playing thanks to Abel and the COC orchestra. What unfortunate and borderline ridiculous commentary...
Reread the first five words of my prior comment.  That may make it a bit more clear for you.
Afghanistan was simply payback for 911. The big World Bully got it's nose bloodied and it wanted it's friends to help it out.  And, yes, you're right, your comment was stupid.
A typical BLdM   idiot,  no  doubt,
"i don't know your unsolicited advice - let me vent out my frustration before I\\xc2\\xa0cum into your mouth - you sound like freaakin faggot."
Precisely DD, the percentage does not control for weight of effect.
"on my way to fuck your bitch in the name of The Lord" - Mr. Race
The good news is they are all PMS'ing together while trying to be silent. That ought to be hilarious to watch Christ they are debating who goes to the can first. Then screaming when goes first. No winners there
One could say the same thing about investing in Metro, Sobeys, Walmart or Coca Cola.   Obesity isn’t about what you eat, it’s about how much you eat.   Restaurant Royalty Trusts can be a very profitable part of a balanced portfolio.
Thanks Shannon - you are always a news and comment headache relief! About Kenai- I've suggested online a couple of times that we substitute the Alaska Flag Song for an invocation, and for several reasons: First, it is a way to remind community meeting participants of a major reason they and many others are in the meeting - to share their thoughts and perspectives on how the community can act to make their own lives and the community's life better. Second, it is every community member can unite behind to enjoy and support- which is the ideal wsy to begin any potentially contentious meeting  Finally, for decades, nearly every public meeting started with the Alaska Flag Song.  It's an honored and lovely tradition that deserves not to be mothballed; but instead to be encouraged into the future - and may encourage newer Alaskans to learn the lyrics and history of it. "Build Alaskanism", so to speak. What do you think?
Just curious: and off topic.  Isn't Sweden one of the countries that specifically banned Jesuits under penalty of death?
When I wanna nut an she wanna nut at the same time I'm Peyton Manning this bitch audible OMHA
You workout, tweet, Instagram, tweet, text some hoes, xbox, fall asleep these young boys ain't gotta clue what grinding is
"your dumb though "
I know Outback when I see Outback, hoe.
So many mistakes in your draft. John Collins a top 15 pick.hahaha
This is what rankles the most. Many canadians, professionals work in jobs on behalf of canada and at the high level are underpaid compared to private industry counterparts. (Note: federal bureauocrats are generally overpaid at the low to mid skill/position level (aka paper  pushers) but severly underpaid at the top professional level,which is why so many bail to private industry taking their know-how with them....).  So why should this dude get a better salary? Hoe about freeze wages of all feds at low/mid end and raise them at top and tie it to performance at top?!
RT @__Stackzz: &#8220;@VoiceOfDStreetz: &#8220;@__Stackzz: @VoiceOfDStreetz lol for what?&#8221; Lol you dissing us&#8221;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514; shut up bitch
I’m surprised they can read.
Ideologues, whether liberal or conservative continue to want Trump to fit into one of their 'pigeonholes'.  They are still ignoring the facts.  Trump was not elected based on a position defined by any of the talking heads.  Conservative or otherwise.  The Republicans, for the moment, are getting what they want in a Supreme Court Justice.  Democrats got TPP killed.    Trump is a pragmatist who is doing as he pleases.  Republican/Democrat.   Nope.  Trump.
RT @07Cannon: "Fuck you mean Macklemore trash nigger?" http://t.co/NXPjPrhsbu
Nonsense.  You are a spiteful, hateful, lying waste of oxygen.
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA try this very G and M today!
About interviewing candidates - I always had someone senior on my staff do a separate interview/lunch - to get a second opinion. You need to have a cultural fit in your department. Worked well ...
I knew the young boy. I'm glad he is doing alright. He had a challenging upbringing.
"You really wow us with such prose... You are so stupid..."
"running never ending deficits adding debt on to debt, is and always is horrible for our society period"  So you have changed your mind and now oppose Trump's plan? Or did you not notice that they conform to your definition of stupidity?  Obama did the same as Harper, ran a big deficit when necessary, and cut it when it was no longer necessary.   Until the US realizes it needs to cut defence spending and introduce some kind of Healthcare for everyone, they will NEVER get the budget under control, doesn't matter who is in the White house.
Well to be quite honest civil beat does have a questionable history with regards to cherry picking certain political candidates and character assassination of other candidates state wide  so I wouldn't let this news article go any farther than it should.
i fret every day i live in tax me to death, debt us to death left wing canada under liberals.
So I guess she should stay home!  Huh?
@RAEPaelMunturo @WorldStarFunny aye sae en feeld kawkin dyke
Using your logic, gays should have nothing to say about contraception.
That fewer people agree with an interpretation is not evidence of that interpretation's sophistication.  Whether or not to believe is a philosophical choice - choosing to believe does not require less sophistication than choosing not to believe.
Where's the fun in that?
We too had the same experience. It's with great interest I see Riverbend extending patient care to include a new facility for memory care patients. One word. Scary.
Interesting observation.  I've always wondered why certain people (or companies) won't work on Sunday, when the biblical Sabbath is on Saturday.  (That was changed by the Roman Catholics so that they weren't celebrating the same day as Jews.)  And what people do or not do on the so-called "holy day" has evolved by custom more than by religion.  If a person needs to work on Sunday, and if that person won't, then he need not apply for that job at that location.
Jim, it is time to retool, re-train: get ahead of the curve - read about industrial hemp. Hemp can provide many more jobs and boost the economy rather than continuing resource extraction and using forests already decimated in W. Oregon.  Take the $800 online class from OSU Wood Products classes on line; I took it - free for those 65 or better BTW.  25 years ago loggers here were selling off big rigs and moving to... the South and Siberia.  Keep jobs local. Hemp for another victory, win the next war!
Im never cuffin unless my bitch grown or act grown. I can't deal wit lil girls nbs
No, she doesn't care because the victims were Muslims. If the victims were Jewish she'd be 100% in favour of the motion.   What Layla4 and others are afraid of is the Canadian public showing SYMPATHY for Muslims, even when they're targeted and gunned down as they pray. If the Canadian public feels sympathy Muslims then obviously it can't feel sympathy for Jews. It's the binary, zero-sum thinking of all bigots.
and a left wing nut easterner spews the usual stupidity
I remember when the government gave everyone coupon's to buy tv boxes and I think some money off a new tv.  The 50 thousand dollar education grant may have been better spent on coupons for wood stove catalytic converter's conversion kits for older wood stoves. For the commenters complaining about the air quality, theirs a good chance most the people do care, but can't afford gas, when living pay check to pay check it makes planning ahead for dry wood difficult some just don't have the the money in June and July to buy for October and November. I dont blame them for not letting their family freez. If you can't breath in your house it sounds like you may need to weatherize fill the cracks the smoke particals are coming in at. I believe their are grants for homeowners to do this. The state and boroughs need to put some pressure on the EPA and federal government to help cover the cost of wood stoves catalytic converter conversion kits, or new stoves. It will make all air better.
You have to remember, R.D. is a member of Opus Dei.  It's founder was a big practicer of self-flagellation.
If you can remember back when Obama took office, he had to clean up the mess of eight years of Bush, who created a huge recession.  Obama pulled the U.S. out of that recession, not Trump.  He helped create jobs, the real estate market flourished and people no longer were abandoning their homes and living in their cars.
" The WAPO/DP syndicate thinks we're stupid."   Don't worry about it, you have that trait down perfectly. Bigly indeed.
Truly sad that anyone among the "same thinkers" with Mr. Huffman, especially a pediatrician, don't seriously consider "every aspect" of the Clinton "make-up", "every incident" of "business and personal history" and "every action and comment".  "Wikipedia" Pediatrics is the medical care of infants, children, and adolescents, and the age limit usually ranges from birth up to 18 years of age in some places until completion of secondary education, and until age 21 in the United States.  Seems very relevant as Bill Clinton made some 17-26 trips with his friend and associate Jeffrey Epstein, ditching his secret service detail at least 5 of  those trips.  "The FBI in 2006 counted at least 40 underage girls– some as young as 12– who had been molested or pimped out by Epstein."  http://investmentwatchblog.com/bill-clinton-visited-jeffrey-epsteins-pedophile-island-10-times/  Truly an uncaring disturbing pattern exist among democrats who support this kind of party leadership.
"  ""could fit into a square whose side would be 28 sq. km (i.e. 0.009 % of the total surface of the United States)."" should this read 28 km?"
"Lisa Raitt to run for Conservative Party leader"  -  Will she ignore the wishes of the citizens as she did when she ran the Toronto Port Authority?  Paul Wells slices and dices Raitt on her carbon tax stance:  https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2016/10/07/lisa-raitts-math-on-carbon-taxes-doesnt-add-up-paul-wells.html
Why on earth are gays and lesbians protesting? Trump supports gay marriage and gay rights, even has expressed the need for federal funding for transgender treatment.  Are they ignorant?
I always like the name and the sounding of Thunder Bay. Well, it is just a city with a beautiful name and yet full of ugliness. Just a backwater place, worse than some American dark holes full of Trump's bigots and idiots.
what will happen is that students with low marks will be given passing grades, just like they get higher marks than ever in high school in order to get into university which only considers GPA which is a meaningless measure (tell me the actual difference between a 79 and 81% student).  Meanwhile the push will continue to be for more foreign students who pay higher tuition, and have poorer language skills but since they pay the freight now (that and franchised food services), administrations have lost sight of the role of higher learning.
No surprise here.  Comey did Trump a solid during the election campaign, and Trump repays his debts (at least debts of the non-monetary variety).  As an added bonus, the investigation into Comey's interference in the election campaign will help to draw some attention away from the investigations into the Trump team's connections to Russia.  Once again, Trump comes up aces!
@David_H_Esq Well, "dirty bird" could be just a middle finger, since it's the phallic "giving the bird". Not necessarily a wobble-wibbler.
"HEY KRYSTAL: YOU STUPID IDIOT WHO Can't Understand Normal Thinking.. fhuck off you howre"
What a stupid comment.
"So which village in uganda are you its idiot? probably kampala."
Your an idiot. Msny people have relationships with people they dont have kids with and things like this dont happen. I have had 2 girlfriends my kids knew and they were fine with their kids. No problems. This a rare example but to act like the parents shouldnt have a life is just dumb. My having a girlfriend with a child made me happy and therfore my kids were happy since I was always in a good mood. Dont let one bad apple cloud your judgement
"Oh, geez." said Speaker Edgmon.  Translation: "Oh, $hit.  They caught us."    Seriously, 'oh, geez?'  That's all you can muster?  How about something along the lines of "This is disgraceful.  It is unacceptable that travel of this sort, especially by outgoing legislators, in a time of crisis, is funded by anyone other than the legislators themselves.  This will not happen anymore."  As inept and corrupt as you all are down there I'd be satisfied with "Oops.  Guess we're buying a Skype account for everyone."   Geez, clean your act up you snake-oil peddling @$$holes.
What a completely idiotic letter. Do you REALLY think that conserving energy in an office will keep trees from falling on power lines in an ice storm?  I've been without power for five days, too. Crews have been out twice and they apparently cannot find the problem. I hope they do, soon.  In the meantime, I hope you will stop pestering them on the phone. It helps no one.
I could respect (grudgingly) the likes of Jerry Falwell, Jr. and Pat Robertson if they'd just admit that Trump is a low-life but that they agree with him on policy. But this nonsense that they buy that he really is a devout Christian is ridiculous. Not only does it insult the intelligence of their "flock," it also exposes them as hypocrites and political opportunists. Nauseating.  By the way, I love that photo above. It's as if Falwell knows he's shaking hands with a repugnant person and can't quite watch himself do it.
Why isn't this rail road nationalized? I hope the government isn't going to bail out a private company.
@kieffer_jason @NathannDevlin @zach_smith98 bitch I been in Plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight
I have an idea! Let's put an entitled spoiled incompetent wealthy imbecile in charge.  You know, someone who has a long history of taking advantage of people, declaring bankruptcy, etc.  I'm sure he could fix everything.  Makes perfect sense.
B:  All good questions that hopefully will be addressed in the inquiry.  That said, condolences to all involved.
Fight night tonight, go Cotto. Smack that pompous cunt down in front of millions. #MayweatherCotto
Patricia Linville - I was never denied medical coverage by an insurance company before the ACA became the law of the land. Our doctors occasionally had to justify coverage for some medical procedures, but it was an extra step that lead to coverage.  Since the passage of the ACA, we've had several denials due to not having paperwork done in the right order.  So, I think you don't know what you're talking about and are just spouting the talking points given to you.
@Stonisnipezz all he ever does is fav, fuckin cunt
Andrew McDougall is a partisan Con hack.....
The actions and comments of this moron almost make me ashamed to be a Canadian. There is no cure for stupidity.
Who the fuck do you think you are Wang Chung?
That's a rather superficial statement and doesn't address the issues of this particluar location.
Nah nicca, its to light to be my dark ass lol RT @swiper252: @VonshayeB and.i knowww thats your baby picture lol
Just wondering ... did any other state challenge the ban?
It seems to me that the statement about sacrifice was addressed to Trump because he is the one painting Muslims with a broad brush. That's what I was trying to say with my little pretend conversations with Trump & Khan vs Hillary & Khan. Khan was rebuking Trump for wanting to ban Muslims by saying, "I am Muslim and lost the most important thing to me so it offends me when you, who have lost nothing, portrays me as a terrorist". So this is not meant to be a general question to all presidential candidates, but just to Trump.
Glad you're back!
Don't look now Smith but 99.9% of people posting on this site don't use their legal name.  Gee, I wonder why.
The book "Islam and the Future of Tolerance: A Dialogue" by Sam Harris and Maajid Nawaz ( a former terrorist) provides a possible explanation of the Premier's comments. The Premier seems to  be referring to the minority of Muslims with a theocractic view of the Religion, and to the that tiny segment of the theocrats who endorse terrorism in their desire to build a theocratic empire  Snipets of the book by Harris and Nawaz are available at Google Books: https://books.google.ca/books?redir_esc=y&id=9mZSrgEACAAJ&q=theocracy#v=onepage&q=percent&f=false  The term Islamist is too close to Islamic. Perhaps violent theocrat would be better.
Can't neva be a sucka for no bitch.. That ain't me
It is interesting to follow the ambivalence on this story. It went up on this site and appeared in a Google search, then it was taken down. Then back up it went, with no comments allowed.  Even funnier coverage  at CNN which reported only that the perp shouted "something".
SUCK MY COCK WIKIPEDIA EDITORS...FUCKING ASSHOLE DORKS. JUST TRYING TO MAKE THE SITE BETTER YOU UPTIGHT CUNTS
shove a sock down your throat and out your ass.
This so-called ecumenism seems rooted in a shared pessimistic theological anthropology, grounded in a much more Protestant dialectical imagination. A certain cohort of Catholics have thus forsaken what should be their distinct analogical imaginations, which would be much more robustly incarnational, much more profusely pneumatological, with a much more optimistic anthropology.  Resultingly, they don't just properly resist secularistic urges, they view the merely secular as completely unholy. They fail to recognize that secular vehicles - as well as other religions - can implicitly cooperate with the Spirit, articulate truth, celebrate beauty, nurture goodness, foster unity & gift freedom!  With such an impoverished pneumatology & exclusivistic ecclesiocentrism, they logically overinvest in the hard powers of legal, political & canonical coercions, not at all optimistic regarding soft power strategies like enculturation, pastoral accommodation or authentic dialogue.
Harper was less of a tax menace than Trudeau.  If they really are the same , why pay more?
the sprinkling thing was never legal..just how to prove junior did  not work at the company ...however many do , as well as  spouses ...then there is the part about passive investments ....this is pretty draconian ... after 30 years my older bother is about retire , so he was planning to reduce his business activities , sell off his property  , hold a mortgage and live off the income   stream ...suddenly he is being called a criminal ....his corporation ends up  acting pretty much like a  RRSP  you pay tax when you pull income out ...the reason the dividend tax credit is there is because the corp  all ready paid tax on the  income once  , so  the stock owner pays at  a reduced rate ... TAX GRAB  is a pretty accurate label for this  new law
Also Ervin is pointed out as black n the story. Why didnt they point out that he is also native american or jewish? Do native americans not deserve their race to b spotlighted?!  The guy looks hispanic to me! Let others decide the race not that it matters. If the  newspaper wants to make this event about race then they should include all the races and cultures! Its all so stupid. This journalist deserves the gold medal stupid award!
Property may not go away in a recession, but assessed valuation can drop like a rock, as we saw in the Great Recession.  Still, it is more stable than GET and it is the only tax on capital that we have (precisely because, as you say, land can't be hidden or moved out of state.)
I wonder how long this "spontaneous" demonstration had been planned.  These seem somewhat the same, as those seen in eastern Europe, during the "cold war".
Lee, congratulations for the understatement of this discussion!
Get a life   why dont you go get a life and stop editing articles about airports because you have no clue w3hat you are doing u stippud iditio t
The fuckin hoes
I think I remember reading that Hawn TelComm only has 43,000 subscriptions. There's a good chance they would lose money if they won the bid.  If they win the bid the way I see it, only two ways they make money....1.  Lots of people jump ship and switch.  I don't think that will happen because Spectrum has better internet speed.  2.  Charge more for services-which unfortunately would be the fastest fix.
You are correct. The USA cannot meet its own demand for wood. Not only that, B.C. timber is of much higher quality than most of the American lumber (except for Pacific Northwest wood).   Not sure about the declining harvest. There has been a huge problem with spruce budworm, that could have affected timber yields.
Yeah, quick, blame it on Republicans MSM. Investigating crimes supposed to be just that, to uncover who committed crimes and what it was, not forever shielding your favorite darling candidate.
Herbert looks like a keeper, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. The UO offense had some success against a defense that was as bad as their own. There aren't likely to be any more of those left on the schedule, and Helfrich is still the coach that left the cupboard bare.
Until after new year exemptions from level 3 (and 4?) restrictions from watering gardens and lawns were given, on application, to sports fields and reportedly old-age homes and gated developments. Why was this done when dams were low, the city blaming and penalising households for high usage, winter months away and the amount of rain expected uncertain? We'll probably never know how De Lille's, Limberg's et al minds work but it's unlikely they have the vaguest idea of strategic planning. And there are many people. including academics, who believe the city managed the crisis well and restrictions were fair and "effective".
Harry ansingler was not an attorney general he worked for the federal Bureau of narcotics at the time .......lower position in gov
RT @w1LLiam_: @Whackko y'all boyz was fried! Fuck dat pussy nigga in the blue doe
RT @nerdreign: This isn't some privilege to be thrown around all willy-nilly. You've gotta earn the right to call me a bitch.
Mr. Moyer; there is no sharing with vacation rentals, only renting! Vacation rentals are already conforming and regulated on Oahu. They are perfectly legal in resort zoning. But they are non-conforming in residential zoning and for good reason. The purpose of residential zoning is to provide housing opportunities to residents, not hotel rooms for tourists. I would assume you already know this since you're a license Realtor and you have a legal obligation to know and follow the C&C of Honolulu Land Use Ordinances.
You a smart person. I just liked my own comment that you commented on. Why and how can I like my comment more than once?? Answer is you can't. Someone is afraid to come out in the open and like my comments. Hahaha. Probably a snowflake that's stalking me. I like the upvotes
RT @CharlesLaCross: Gator needs his GAT punk ass bitch
That's at least seven victims and I am sure many more that they were not able to tie to him for various evidentiary rules. Punks like him need some jail time as probations are a joke. I am sure he will resort to more car thefts etc. once he gets out. He will be a candidate  to put him down like an animal that he is.
I did not imply that girls should be in the room for a boy to accomplish anything. I was stating that boys can accomplish the same things with girls in the room. I'll take it one step further for you. Girls can also accomplish those things.
this ho on Lifetime cray
RT @SuckMy_John_Son: #VolNation bitch
"@King_Shawn_6: @white_thunduh that's where I get my yellow flags for being amazing &#128079;&#128524;" HELL YEAH NIGGY
Is he still crown prince? I mean techinically, his elder sister is crown princess.
I just received a message from Rod "Rocket" Laver and he said lets see Federer try it with a wood racket before we reach a final conclusion.
Equally important is to remember the corrupt Democrats were responsible for the internment of the Japanese Americans, that a  racist Democrat President decided to round up Japanese Americans for racist reasons.  Ironically, today so many "Asians" support the party of racism, the Democrat Party.
RT @BudaHefner74: I like blowing loud wit bad bitches &#128111;
Here's your sign.
This article say's they are offering $25/hr but no takers.  I have been on hundreds of projects across Alaska, and finding locals who can pass a drug test and start work at 7am is almost impossible.  And these were $20+hr jobs, worth getting out of bed for.  My experience is that the 20% of the community who wants to work has jobs, the other 80% don't really want to work.
"I can't believe the stupid people on this site that have no idea what is going on.\xa0 You fools.\xa0 You are all useful idiots.\xa0 They are hiding the truth because you fools who protect him would look like the useful idiots you are."
i completely agree with gilabrand u guys are all anti-israeli fucker why dont you and your anti-semitic freinds fuck off so that we could show israel tyo what it really is.
The reference was to a Fox News segment on the increasing radicalism of <insert peaceful reference here> in Sweden. He misspoke, but less than 24 hours later there were riots and car burnings in Stockholm. And now Swedes no longer have to wonder what he meant.
Bow Wow and Ceacea Kandy Dave    They beeen in a relationship since 2002 .
You cannot change the spots on a leopard. He still bleeds orange.
Consider a victim of domestic homicide.  Does her staying and becoming a victim make her part of a "subculture of violence"?
When was the last time you were in a classroom, 1934? My daughter is a SEHS AP graduate with 3.94 GPA. Now a senior at the UO, she fully appreciates the hard work she completed and the hard working teachers who believed in her. Your hollow and unfounded assessment of 4J is just what I'd expect from some blow hard who makes unfounded claims in the style of D Trump with no accountability.
So all the cheating was for nought.  So sad.
I think that is says something about hanging them from a yardarm, matie.  Arrgh.
Yes, that comment truly is stupid.
==Greetings to the Fuckwad Jimbo Wales  Greetings fuckwads.  I have really enjoyed decorating your pages with pictures of scat, buttsex, and whatever other gross things I have been able to find.  I will be back later on to pull off my biggest caper yet-I am going for 100 pages and we have a top secert agent in side the wikipedia.  Wikipedia Liberation Army The Wikipedia Liberation Army is now in full swing, but we are still willing to negotiate with your child molesters.  We want Jimbo to shoot himself and then we will talk.  Later fuckwads
2k is a good start. should just be an auction to ensure there are no involuntary ejections.  I like Delta though, flew with them 6 times last 12 months. Much much better than any Cdn airline.
Bang on. I can admit to being leery of the concept of extranational panels, but I much prefer them to the alternative of having disputes being settled by the court system of the aggrieved nation.
"The pills are your little technicolor friends. They stop the voices in your head."
I believe the numbers 375 and 405 form the very core of ongoing dispute. So they should not be anywhere in the article until consensus is reached. As a compromise, we could list the gross field as atleast 255.5 crore (estimated) and add all conflicting references next to it.   Also can you add the break up too in the narrative (not the total). No other source is giving break-up of collections for this film for each language.
Sorry James, I just am not in favor of turning Hawaii into a police state.  Perhaps you should move to Russia where the police keeps tabs on you 24/7.  No thanks.  I prefer to accept the risk of a few people who run red lights to the all powerful influence of the government in everything you do.  Thats  just me who believes in less government.
just made TMobile my bitch
FUCK OF NAZI PROPAGANDA odpierdalcie sie jebani faszyści od Polski !!!!!!!!!!!
No, it's forced. There needs to be a nexus between the grant and the requirements for the grant. And more, the executive branch cannot impose them. It has to be set by Congress.
All I Have to say to you, is go fuck yourself. You're a cocksucker with a little power that's massively gone to your head
You guys loved Heritagecare until it became Obamacare. My point stands.
Impossible to understand the stupidity of someone burning when the wind was as high as it was Saturday.
no one being investigated for treason ignorant brain washed fool
Yup, new carbon taxes and higher electricity prices are just the  antidote.
The point of this exorcise is to get stupid people to vote liberal. Full stop.
This is no arms race, but a stupidity race. Trump and Rocket Man are MAS, mutually assured stupidity, threatening each other with ever greater stupidity. The unfortunate problem with a stupidity race is that nobody ever wins, but ordinary people suffer. They should both shut up for the sake of humanity.
Whatever keeps the species going ... ;-)
when are we going to stat threatening these idiot democrats with bills and budgets?   can w please stat playing to win.  this is why so many  republicans don't bother voting
Those guys are the definition of white trash
Well...that was stupid...I told you to send it the wrong place!  (But I've since email your provided addy from two different places, so we should be all set.)
oh no, this isn't even in the top  10  moronic statements by this babbling fool.
Toxo comes from all cats-not just feral ones.  And has lots and lots of intermediate carriers of many species-including some endangered ones.  People too. So to get rid of toxo you'd have to kill them all, and then quarantine the state to keep it from coming in the next day.  Admit that it's just an excuse to kill cats to make people feel better, then we can have a productive conversation.
the only racist moron I hear is the one making this statement! sad!
RT @KINGTUNCHI_: Lowkey I put sum of these hoes on the map ... So call me kingtunchi bitch !
Gays cannot be discriminated against. They are a "protected class of people" who cannot be discriminated against. - But, and this may be one of the issues, is "offensive artwork" "people"? Do "artists" have the right to claim that "offensive artwork" they are being asked to "create" is "offensive artwork" and, therefore, is not a "protected class of people"? - That logical reasoning is why a Jewish baker doesn't have to decorate a Nazi cake with Nazi symbols, why a Black baker doesn't have to decorate a cake showing a man being lynched by the KKK, or a painter doesn't have to paint a painting showing Hillary with horns. - It is wrong to discriminate against people.....but "offensive artwork" is not "people" and is not a "protected class" of anything.
my name is reaper eternal and i am a stupid dumasss small dik retard
Cross her and you might kill yourself
Well, look he works for. A loser pResident who brags about sexually assaulting women ("grab them by the p***y"), playing childish games when merely shaking hands (toxic masculinity, not actual masculinity), taking to Twitter every time his delicate snowflake-like sensibilities get offended, etc.    It's entirely appropriate that this clown of a pResident surrounds himself with people like that.
President Trump pulled us out of the worthless Pari$ Climate Accord and offered to re-negotiate.  He DID NOT abandon the USA environmental protections of which we lead the world, and pledged to continue those efforts.  As of May 2 the US paid the Accord's Green Fund $1 Billion dollars taxpayers money, with more to be paid, while other leading countries paid NOTHING! Hi did the right thing. Check today's news for verification. Keep things in perspective.
With no public vote, they are stealing your money. With no vote against them, they will continue. So, don't vote and remain a victim.
And likely grounds for civil damages for injuries sustained.  :)
MER OF 1.8-1.9 OMG !!! This is why the Canadian Banks have to get reviewed in a different manner ! Just not right !
The assumption of Western superiority invades so much of this racism issue. Colonialism, and slavery built the economies of Europe and USA, Then there were the two world wars.  Let's start with accepting that every human journey is an opportunity to learn more about theirs and our own journey. Nothing wrong with being curious and learning from each other.
Sick fukin bitch ... lock her up
That's another issue. Please stick to the topic.
You are delusional, idiotic and have no concept of reality.  A perfect liberal.
bitches come &amp; go ya know that
"::::And the consensus of WP:Aircraft is summed up by ericg on Wikipedia_talk:WikiProject_Aircraft/page_content#Specification_figures, ""The primary units are always those which the manufacturer used. In the case of European aircraft like Airbus products, metric comes first.""    "
No.  Read.  It's not my figures, they come from the insurance companies that are paying the insurance claims.  The insurance companies have had increases in accident claims that are 3% higher in states that have allowed marijuana than the increases in claims in states that do not allow marijuana.
Fuck   Fuck you rapist
HEEY FUCKFACE YOU ARE A REAL BITCH ASS PUSSY WHIPPED MUTHAFUCKING FAGGOT SHITFACEd DICK HEAd
But the left-wing lemmings will still watch this and other fake news like MSNBC to get their talking points, er, information.
It may have been in the middle of no-where, but it served the area well. Many a Bristol Bay boat was moved over this road, saving the fisherman time and money.  Freight was brought across the Inlet and hauled over the road and this bridge, for a fraction of a cost of air freight.
The homeowner deductions may not be decisive in helping people buy a home, but they can make a big difference in their being able to keep and maintain their home.
It's obvious, Cap'n Oblivious, that you didn't read the linked article I posted. It's not people I believe to be dangerous, it's known fringe groups ( KKK, skinhead, anti-govt "patriot" groups, anti-abortion groups and others) who espouse violence to achieve their ends. You consider them benign? Provide credible proof that Sander's supporters are in the same league as the aforementioned types, and you'll have something to talk about. As it is, your defending known terrorist groups. Why?
The Defence Base Realignment Commission of 2005 final report that President George W. Bush signed September 8, 2005 sealed the fate of one type aircraft community sites. The culmination of 5 BRAC events, remember BRAC 1991 anyone?
Find a way which does not desecrate countryb
Dear NIMBIES: Where do you propose that the tanks be placed? How are you going to move the fuel to/from the tanks in your alternative location? ... or is your solution to do away with fossil fuels all together (solar heating, walk to work, grow your own food, etc.)
Fire the lying, crooked cops.   If the shop didn't want his business, they wouldn't have sold him the muffin.  Also release and exonerate everyone the crooks have ever accused of a crime. The lie about muffins for no reason, they will obviously lie about everything else too.
Sorry, I’m a little confused… which part of my post was uncivil?  Was it the part where I point out that ape was ignoring the fact that both the CIA and Homeland Security had j0ointly briefed congressional leaders? That facts really didn’t appear to matter to ape?  Oh wait, it must have been when I asked him if he’d gotten a Moscow office with a view of the square yes… that must have been the one! Couldn’t have been anything else since that was the original post.
&#8220;@Jaydillz: The day you unblock me you will become a man again. But that won't happen so you just a bitch.&#8221; @iDisrespectHoez lol
How can teen with teen consensually be sexual abuse? Only if the person is 18 or 19 and doinks someone younger, I suppose statutory. But call the cops abuse? Please. The police don't have time for this crap.
Another desperate move by the most effortlessly inept politician in Ontario's history who cares more about her image than she does about Ontarians - especially the most economically vulnerable.  Anyone following the situation with the US government can give the PM great credit for maintaining a steady hand and mind throughout the gyrations of President Pandamonium.  He and his cabinet have been disciplined and resolute in their behavior.     We cannot expect that from Wynne though - it is just not her nature.   She has to barge in with her "tough guy" act - which even a fifth grader knows will only invite retaliation from the US presidential bully pulpit.   Stupid behavior by Wynne, but it will appeal to her core supporters (all 12% of them)
Every single one of those descriptors apply to Trump, lol!
Is one to infer from your post that perhaps the earth is better off without us humans? Maybe I'm reading too much into it. Of course climate changes, I guess your response is #2 of my list (which I'll recap in a numbered list to safe time for argument:  1: Climate change is a hoax and it's not happening - the science is flawed 2: Our climate is changing but it is natural process and it will fix itself 3: We might be contributing to it but there is nothing we can conceivably do to stop it 4: We could stop it but the economic consequences are too hard to deal with.  All of these arguments share the perspective that the motive behind the scientists detailing how the rapidly changing earth is their own economic self-interest, and not in any way based upon objectively measurable facts. Far better we stick our heads in the sand and do nothing.
"@angelenagoley: 10 sex positions http://t.co/nt3PABMWsm http://t.co/JmHZ8Sczf0"naw this what u call fucking the soul outta bitch &#128557;
At what point did you become an infant. Pinpoint the exact timeline. Of course you will ignore because you are stuck. LOL
There is a lot to care about these days, but what was in the Governor General's divorce settlement isn't one of them. Another Trudeau once said that the state had no business in the bedrooms of the nation, he was right then and the same attitude should apply now. If these major news outlets publish the details of the divorce, then they are no better then the trash that used to be found at check out aisles at supermarkets.
"This is one of many reasons why you are the face of failure."
Bears game today bitches! Not to mention, lean and bud before the train ride lol :) #Goodday
I wonder if Donald Trump has heard of Neville Chamberlain?
think i should change "&#9733;Doctor's Advocate&#9733;" to "cunt that goes mental" #hmm
There is no such thing as transgender! You are either male OR female!  You are born what you are, this transgender stuff is a big lie!
The funny thing is the daughter never got kicked out on her one night stand, I didn't have the courage to tell her, her mom an official hoe
And there is a LARGE difference between that appointment and the Supreme Court.  No hearing or votes for Merrick Garland?  No hearing or votes on ANY Trump nominee-IMHO.
Hey Go fuck yourself, cunt. Lick your mother's balls if you must.
"He is arrogant, condescending and full of himself" Sounds like the kind of guy that got shot in the back by his own troops in Vietnam.  Dean Vernon Wormer: "Put Neidermeyer on it. He's a sneaky little _____ just like you."
The Turks turn out to be as ignorant as the Trump voters.  Voting against their own interests and those of their families.  Their children will curse them.
Yes, he pays by being deported.  I wonder who is paying his airfare...US citizens or himself?  Do you know?
Renzoy16 ! Shut The Fuck Up
Oh those peace loving Muslims aka Seventh Century DEATH CULT are at it yet again!
As busy as the airport bathrooms are wherever I've flown; not one damn person saw him unlock his rifle case, take out the bullets, load the gun and walk out to start shooting? If I see someone going out of a airport bathroom with a gun not pointed at me, I'm tackling his ass.
But you ARE a retard (and a boring contrarian troll threatened by people who know more than him. LOL!). Wikipedia where anyone (except those outside the elected cabal) can edit (but only nonsense and facts from the 1950s). Neat. 50.72.139.25
My house is so piece full, thank god these little jungle bunnies are outta my face
Just line the border with military and start shooting them. If there are dissenters, shoot them too. Chuch stupid should be thrown in with Pelosi and do the same. Destroy all lefties and nuke NK and Iran. Anyone one else, the same.
Nomination Hi Tim, thanks for asking, yes I will try to find time to jot down some positive notes about you in a day or so, hope that's OK? I certainly strongly support your nomination and have no doubt I can find some good things to say about your obvious editorial skills. thanks Peter morrell
Life's a lot more complicated than that, Brown.  A national news outlet did an in-depth research study and found that at least 1,000 civilians have been killed by police officers.  At least a third were unarmed and the others did have a weapon, ran, or were suffering from mental illness.  A citizen dying at the hands of the police should be a rare occurrence.  Now a days it's the norm.
"  Reply from ColonelHenry I have been pissed this week, I admit. Why?  First, last week, I get harassed by one hypocritical ""rule nazi"" editor taking things too far (SummerPhD) so when I pointed out her similar shortcomings and intransigence and said frankly ""this user is an asshole"" and explain why and state ""this is the kind of user that drives editors away from wikipedia"" I get blocked for 24-hours.  I say ""asshole"" once, I get blocked.  She calls me a ""dick"" over a dozen times, and gets warned.  Go figure. I hate nitpicking rule nazis because they end up proving themselves to be hypocrites, and unfortunately without fool other meek fools who tend to be admins tend to side with the rule nazi.  In the midst of that Daniel Case continued to plow ahead insisting on a rushed revision of ALONJ that no one else raised as a concern (so, not immediately dire) after being asked first politely and respectfully several times to ""wait until after TFA"" and he still ignored it.  If someone politely asked me to wait a few days before doing a drastic edit on an article they worked on that was getting a little attention, I would...because I find it akin to telling a concert pianist to change their entire concert programme an hour before the recital. Only when I responded in anger did he pull back on the reins and realize ""hey, maybe I should wait till after TFA.""  A little deference on his part would have gone a long way.  I'm not averse to his edits, but seriously, after TFA would have been more than fine.  I considered it insulting, and his refusal to listen to a polite request stated by both myself and the other major contributor to the article was considerably disrespectful.  And then when the article I've worked on becomes TFA we get inundated with constant vandalism and petty edits that were not necessary (i.e. people like you, Kevjonesin, insisting on 19th instead of nineteenth).  Is that really a necessary place to make a stand and pick a fight? Seriously, don't you have better things to do with your time?  I'd rather argue over an analysis of Hegel's influence on Nietzsche's ""Will to Power"" or Hindu mysticism in Eliot's Four Quartets than bicker about things as meaningless as whether honour should be spelled -or or -our.  As for why, I like ""nineteenth"" as opposed to 19th, several style guides (including Chicago/Turabian) advocates it, and growing up I was taught that all numbers under 20 should be spelled out. Whether cutting two dozen letters from an article going to 19th and 20th is going to make a difference for ""brevity's sake"" on a 40-page article, is a lame claim and frankly a waste of time for both of us. I like the aesthetic of it spelled out, it's allowed, and the option of spelling it out is a bonus in an article to avoid confusion with too many other numbers.  When considering such an unnecessary subjective edit, deference should be made to style set by the editors who spent months on an article...and when nothing is wrong to it, deference is entirely warranted.  That isn't ownership, it's just courtesy and good judgment. After all, if I stood in your yard while you were painting your house gray and proceeded to insist you to paint your house orange, you'd tell me to ""kick rocks.""  As far as I'm concerned, this is over. Move on. I am not addressing this any further, because nonsense like this keeps me from contributing and convinces me to leave Wikipedia again, and this time for good. If Hell is other people, Wikipedia constantly proves itself to be the eighth and ninth circle.   "
Oh you one of those stuck up bitches &#128514;
Norman I've had services in Canada,, Switzerland, and New Zealand.  In most case the doctors were trained in the US. Many of those are US citizens. They work in those countries where there is very limited amount of malpractice claims that ever get paid.  They have guaranteed vacation time and receive additional medical education for free.   Tell us how; honestly did you ever receive care in Canada or are you just following the talking-point memo.
thank you Belgium for protecting Canada from our idiot politicians
SupportI think that BlackHawk has always been their name so I would use that name too.   02:13 PM, 8 October 2008 (UTC)
Those "talking points" as you call them are simply reality. Your subjective filters may not want to accept those truths but they still exist. My suspicion is that you're the one parroting someone else's talking points, not the author.  As an example: while researching Trump's projected budget cuts to the state department I found a Breitbart piece predicting a 37% reduction in their budget. In the article, the author of this particular opinion piece took the side of cutting foreign aid while increasing defense spending. Now all the conservative faithful are simply parroting Breitbart.  Basically, Trump's budget merely reflects his monumental ignorance.
For all you hoes know I could be DJ Zetti
Fans Boo'd those idiots. Rating plummet. Boycott the sissy sport. Throwing flags for not helping players up. ppl who kids have dies for that flag have to watch this, NOPE! This has Zero to do with Trump.
I'm truly sorry fellow Americans exercising their freedoms hurt you so. Hopefully you some day change your mind and embrace the freedoms that this country was founded upon and so many have fought to protect.
Where is the lie? Cardinal Müller up to the other day reiterated the Church's teaching that couples living in adulterous relationships should not receive Holy Communion. That is not a lie because that is what he said; no change in the Church's teaching. Pope Francis seems to be saying the opposite. Why didn't he say that he was amazed that they went public with the dubia and he didn't like it as it was putting the Pope on the spot last month when he spoke on the issue? Why did he not say then that it was harming the Church? Why wait until the other day? Why give the interview at all when he had already said the CDF was not going to rule on the matter? Why did he say the Exhortation was clear when he had submitted 26 alterations to the text before it was published which the Pope completely ignored? I think we can all see what has gone on here.
@trestiffer &amp; @Rhyds_herrrrrr had me so high off the monkey nutts yesterday nbs &#128532;&#128532;&#128518;&#128518;&#128526;&#128526;&#128548;&#127809;&#127811;&#127807;&#127807;
Post-Grunge This album is not a fucking Post-Grunge album. It's a Alternative metal alternative rock and Hard Rock  album.
RT @Its_NydiaMarie: Fuck your bitch make her call me Papi &#128586;&#128527;
An illegal immigrant is a criminal.
You should take some pride in your actions since what you did took courage, although I understand the anger, and don't envy you your experience at all.  I just hope the person who marked your comment sad was showing empathy  -- it usually means something else on this forum.
Fuck you   Just one more reason to support my theory.  Where is Hitler?
I am curious how this putative exodus compares with high tax jurisdictions like Scandinavia and Germany. These countries do not suffer from a lack of entrepreneurship (esp. Germany). Why would Canadian small businessmen leave but German small business thrive in a high tax economy?
shut the fuck up. if you were not a moron, you would not insist on keeping some clear bullshit into an article of Wikipedia, which inevitably will be extended to millions of readers across the globe.
"An inexperienced president" could bring about the end of the world as we know it. Enough already. Americans should need no more than the revelations of the last two days to realize they have made a catastrophic mistake. Get the moronic blabbermouth out of there, otherwise the toxic bombs will fly. USA, you have been foolish. Now fix it, asap.  “No politician in history, and I say this with great surety, has been treated worse or more unfairly.” Trump says this BS with the same "surety" as he has uttered his other blunders. God love a duck, get the idiot out of the White House! America, you have egg all over your face right now, but it may not be too late to stop being the laughing-stock of the world.
There certainly isn't an oil boom now.     Ask the unemployed in Alberta.
You know Maureen, I really tried to read your "HOLE" article, but I couldn't. I choked on all the crap you're trying to feed. You are so dumb you can't see that you're the butt of the joke. OH HELL, everyones saying Trump needs to stop tweeting. Ha ha You wished! But the truth hurts and cry bloody murder you shall, but don't worry, about a 'tang, 'cause every little thing, is gonna be alright.hahahaaha
HRC approved them.  As SOS, she had the authority.  They were just before Bill got $500K for a speaking engagement to a financial institution with Russian ties.  Oh snap.
Lets call you what you realy are, a blind idiot of a outdated colonial agenda,this only maintains the status-quo in the middle east, and you will only get massively more conflicts , YOU,RE NOT GETTING IT! WE<RE THE PAWNS
RT @MattieTrump97: Win % since pile of trash @jairusbyrd went to New Orleans:  #Buffalo:1.000 #NewOrleans:0.0000000000000  #FuckByrd #WhoNe&#8230;
And where are these folks getting the gas to burn in these brand new pickups?
What an idiotic thing to say.  The island was struck by two Cat 5 hurricanes.  How can anyone prepare for that?  The answer is that it's not impossible.  Trump just cannot accept any criticism of any kind about anything.  He's a total jackass.  These are Americans, and that worthless piece of trash Trump is treating them like their just any other brown people.
I've listed my 'handles' above.  Two of them I developed about two weeks ago for specific sites, but none of which were entered via another email account.  I only have one of those.  Years ago I used to post under my Muslim name, but Face Book won't let me do that.  Wrong again, Boy-Roy.  At least you're consistent.  Oh yeah, just promulgated another internet 'handle'--"Ooba-Gooba".  So there you have it--EVERY internet pseudonym I use:  Al-Hajji Frederick H Minshall  Frederick Minshall  InspectorNightingale  Argle-Bargle  Ooba-Gooba  So--again--if its not one of those, I didn't write the post.  Thank you.  Have a nice day.
Grover Norquist has stated that it is the duty of Republicans to shrink government down to the point where it can be flushed down the drain. Voters in Alaska have elected legislators who in essence do not disagree with Norquist, enough of them to stifle any effective long-term solutions to our State's finances.
What did you expect with Trudeau at the helm?
No this was extraordinary even for MSNBC.   Hillary was not mentioned anywhere on the entire newspaper.   In past elections, they would have favourable articles about their candidate at least.
